Very young girl holding a spoon in a restaurant setting. A child holding a white, plastic spoon. A child smiling as he holds his spoon. A toddler plays with his food.	Toddler sitting.	entailment
Man driving a moped with a side care with a Jeepney in the background. A young man drives a motorcycle taxi through the streets. A road scene with a van and a man driving. A bike taxi rides down the road.	A man driving a wheeled motorbike.	entailment
An old man and a child walk together along a pathway near a building. A man with a cane and a boy are walking on a sidewalk. Grandfather and grandchild walking down a path. Two males walking away from a bench.	A couple having a good time.	contradiction
Several individuals are watching a man in a red sweater play a game of golf. The crowd looks on as a man with a red argyle sweater plays golf. Spectators are watching a pro golfing tournament. A man is swinging his club in a game of golf.	A golfer takes a swing.	entailment
Two women are looking very confused trying to put together an item from the box. Two ladies are sitting on a back deck with a dog in between each other. Two women unpacking something from a box. Two women sitting on a deck.	Woman opening a package.	contradiction
A man helping a woman fix her fishing pole out by what appears to be a lake with a little girl playing next to the small foldable chairs. A man sits at the shore and attends to a fishing rod while a woman and young girl stand next to him. A man helps a woman with her fishing pole next to a lake. A father helps to ready the line for fishing.	A man baits a hook.	entailment
A girl wearing the number one LaFayette softball uniform is about to throw the ball. A girl in a baseball uniform getting ready to throw the ball at a game. The girl is in a red jersey and pitching a softball at a game. A female softball player pitches the ball.	Pitcher pitching.	entailment
Three girls run on a grassy field with a building in the background. Three girls are running on a field in front of a fence. Three little girls run on a soccer field. Three girls run in a field outside.	Children running across a field.	entailment
Adult woman wearing a white wedding dress is standing close to a woman wearing a dark purple suit coat, white blouse and a dark dress talking on her cellphone and touching a basket holding a bouquet of flowers. A woman with a basket of flowers talks on the phone next to a woman in a wedding dress. Woman in Wedding dress with a friend and basket of flowers on a street corner. A large and unhappy woman is in a wedding dress in town.	A bride stands.	entailment
Two young men, one wearing a blue shirt, one wearing a white shirt, are sitting in a vehicle and laughing. Two men sit inside a car, facing each other and smiling. Two men in a vehicle smiling at one another. Two guys smiling as they sit in a vehicle.	Men talking.	entailment
A little girl with a yellow shirt swings while a little girl in green watches. A young girl wearing a yellow shirt swings on a tree rope. The small girl is swinging on the rope A girl swings on a rope swing.	Another child watches.	entailment
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out. A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing. A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed. A guy in a suit playing bagpipes next to a girl wearing teal clothing.	A well dressed man playing instruments.	entailment
The bank teller is waiting for a customer. A man is sitting at a desk behind glass. A bank teller standing at a counter. Teller working at a bank.	A man holds a pencil.	neutral
A man wearing a London 2012 jersey is running in front of a brick building and past a crowd carrying a torch. Torch-bearing runner, about to be photographed by onlooker, enjoys the smiles and shouts of the crowd. A man carrying an Olympic torch with a brick building in the background. An Olympic Marathon Event with the locals.	A crowd waving the flag.	neutral
A black-haired female guitarist and a male drummer are playing in a large tent. A drummer is playing in front of a sign that says SXSWO in a tent. Band playing with a female lead singer. A man in a green shirt playing drums.	A musician plays music.	entailment
A group of five women with scarf head coverings look off the page, while two have their mouths open as if yelling something. Women in headwraps are gathered together, speaking emotionally. Five women wearing scarves on their heads are talking. A group of women wearing headscarves are in a crowd.	Women standing.	neutral
A group of kids around college age, sitting around in a house with a board game on the wooden coffee table. A group of six people relaxing in the living room and playing a board game. Six people, four male and two female, hanging out in a living room. A group of people hanging out and playing a board game.	Family having fun.	neutral
A woman with a black hoodie and purple flip-flops is sketching on a big pad of paper. A woman sitting on the cement is looking off in the distance. A young woman is sitting on the sidewalk sketching a building A young blond woman sits outside and sketches.	A man sitting.	contradiction
These women are playing a beach volleyball game as part of the Summer Olympics in 2012 which took place in London. A member of the women's Austrian beach volleyball team attempts a spike against China at the 2012 Olympics. Three women in sports bikinis are playing volleyball on a sandy beach. This is a group of women playing volleyball in sports bikinis.	A volleyball player spikes the ball.	neutral
A view of a street with puddles, people walking, and lined with buildings that are mostly three-stories tall. Many people are walking through the city during the day. People are walking the streets on a sunny day. A street lined with three-story buildings.	A man walks.	neutral
A boy in a blue uniform kicks a ball while his team cheers him on. A young boy in blue, kicking a ball while other boys watch. Kid in blue kicking penalty kick towards kid in dark blue. Small boys in sports jerseys play with a yellow ball.	A group playing soccer.	entailment
A woman in white with a big white flower in her hair poses on a city street in front of a wall and a tree. A young lady wearing a white dress with a flower in her hair smiling at the camera. Lady in a white dress walking in the street. Woman poses playfully in white dress.	A woman leaning on a bike.	contradiction
A line of white chairs folded and a few indescript people sitting in the background. Photo of an inside of a place with chairs and people sitting in them. Some people are sitting in seats under a white framed glass canopy. People wait in chairs, one person has their shoe off.	A couple sits.	neutral
A smiling man in a blue jacket and black vest stands in front of a crowd of marchers near a red tent with green trees in the background. A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles. A group of people are walking down a busy street. Some policemen escort demonstrating citizens.	A soldier walks.	neutral
A brown dog and a red dog frolicking on the waters edge on the beach. Two brown dogs are running on the beach beside the ocean. Two brown dogs play on the sand by the water. Two dogs running down a beach.	Two dogs playfully fight.	neutral
A guy in boarding shorts is trying to do a flip or handstand on the beach. A man is doing a back flip on a beach in front of the ocean. A shirtless man is doing a back flip on a beach. A man turning a somersault at the beach.	A man doing a move.	entailment
A crowd forms on a busy street to watch a street performer. A group of people watching a performer on a sidewalk. The group of people are all covered by umbrellas. A group of people stand under umbrellas.	A crowd gathered.	entailment
Four young people are walking through past trees in a busy park. In the Fall, college students return to their schools. Four people stand in front of trees. Four young adults gathered outdoors	Girls and two boys walking.	neutral
A woman in a black leather mini-dress and boots is shopping from a street vendor. A woman in a black tank top, skirt and boots is looking at jewelry for sale. Young woman dressed in black looks over articles from a street vendor. A woman in a black leather skirt perusing at the market.	A woman standing in front of a table.	entailment
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park. Woman on blue bicycle wearing helmet A woman in a race turning a corner. Cyclist speeding down the trail.	Rider riding on a course.	entailment
A group of young girls smiling with a large crowd behind them Four young girls pose for a picture at school Four young girls posing for the camera. Four girls pose in front of a crowd.	Children standing in a group.	entailment
A female swimmer wearing a swim cap and nose clips moves slowly through the water is seen from below. A female swimmer swimming underwater with a nose clip and cap on her head. A female swimmer is submerged horizontally in a swimming pool. A female swimmer in a blue cap swimming underwater.	A woman swims.	entailment
Young male bicyclist wearing a professional orange, blue and white riders outfit looks and smiles at the spectators. The man, wearing sunglasses and a bicycle helmet, looks over his shoulder and smiles. A guy in protective gear is looking and smiling at someone. A man in a helmet and uniform is smiling.	A cyclist smiling.	entailment
Two men and one woman with blond hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top. Three workers are walking out of their secured building at the end of the day. Three people walking through a gate in a parking complex. Three people are walking through a gate.	Two men carrying briefcases.	neutral
A skateboarder wearing a gray helmet is riding his board along a concrete curve. A view from the top of a skateboarder at the top of a ramp. A man wears a black helmet and is on a black skateboard. A shirtless skateboarder.	A child performs skateboarding tricks.	contradiction
Six teens have some drinks in front of a memorial. Six young boys sit on a wall in a cemetery. Children sit on a wall inside a cemetery. Kids eating lunch in a cemetery.	A group of children sitting on a ledge.	entailment
A man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something. A man in a blue shirt follows another man carrying a blue and black bag. Two men walking in summer attire. Two men walking down the street.	Men turn the corner.	contradiction
A female tennis player wearing orange in the middle of a tennis match. A tennis player wearing an orange tennis outfit on the court. Woman playing tennis in a bright orange outfit. A woman playing tennis, swinging her racket.	A woman leaning on a wall.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt playing with a young boy in a red shirt on the ground in a bedroom. A dad and his son are playing with some Legos in the child's bedroom. A man and bot playing on the floor with bunk beds in the background. Father and son are in the child's room, putting together a toy.	A man sitting.	neutral
A woman in a Nike hat and black apron scoops something out of a pot. Woman frying up some goods at a festival. A woman with a Nike hat on is cooking. A woman with a Nike hat hard at work.	A woman cooks over a fire.	neutral
A young girl in cute boots is showing some papers to a man sitting in a theater seat A young woman looks at a paper with a man sitting down in a brown shirt. Two people in a lecture hall are holding a plastic sheet. This is a young girl handing out papers.	A child standing on stairs.	neutral
A girl with a short haircut and eyebrow piercing bites her finger and crosses her arms. A woman with red hair holds her hand to her mouth and looks pensive. A woman wearing a blue face is resting her finger beside her nose. A very pale redheaded teen has her hand to her face thinking.	Woman stands.	neutral
A group of people in matching outfits hiking up a trail with one person lagging behind. A group of men wearing similar clothing backpacks through the countryside. A group of scouts are hiking through the grass. People walking	Several hikers walking.	entailment
A woman and a male child are engaged in a balloon fight as a man watches. A barefoot boy and a woman are playing with balloons while a man watches. Two adults and a child are in an attic playing with balloons. A small child and an adult play with small party balloons.	A child having fun.	entailment
A girl in a blue apron and pink shirt stands at the door while having a conversation with a bicyclist. A woman wearing an apron is standing outside of a store talking to a cyclist. Multiple people are outside of a restaurant. A man stops his bike ride to talk to a lady.	A rider sitting.	neutral
A little girl is peeking out from behind a blue wall. A little girl that is hiding behind a blue barrier. A little girl is peeking from behind a wall. A little girl peering over a blue wall.	A child standing.	entailment
A man in construction gear is moving a large plank of wood to a new destination. A man wearing yellow hi-viz is grasping a wooden board. A man in a neon yellow vest carrying a wooden crate Man with short hair moves wooden structure.	A man holding up a section of wood.	entailment
The skiers are in front of the lodge. Two people ski in the mountains. Skiers moving along a trail. Some skiers at a resort.	Skiers walking through the snow.	neutral
A group of people wearing name tags gather round in a conference room watching in front of them. Many people are smiling as they gather in a room. People are gathered together watching something. A group of people are standing inside an office	A group laughing.	neutral
A nicely dressed woman is looking at her phone while crouching by some windows with her luggage and purse sitting next to her. A woman dressed in black, with her hair up, squats next to her luggage to send a text message. A woman in a skirt and tights crouches down next to some luggage in order to use her phone. Woman sits next to luggage checking her text messages.	A woman kneeling.	entailment
A female on a horse is attempting to move cattle to another area of a pen. A young woman in a pink shirt attempting to rope a calf at the rodeo. A woman is a red tank top is riding horse. The men are getting ready for the rodeo.	A woman chasing a cow.	entailment
The lady in red is very happy to see the young lady in white and black. An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other. Mother and daughter are meeting for the first time. The two ladies are missing each other.	A woman giving her child.	neutral
The skateboarder is balancing himself and his skateboard on the edge of a brick wall. A skateboarder doing tricks on a brick wall next to stairs. A skateboarder is balancing on a brick wall. A guy skateboarding on the side of steps.	A boy performing tricks.	entailment
One man with a plaid shirt and another with a red scarf, glasses and beard are holding beers. Two men with glasses of beer in their hand are posing to have their picture taken. Two men posing for a picture while drinking beer. Men are at a party drinking beer together.	Friends drinking some beverages.	entailment
A man playing an acoustic guitar on a stone ledge in public with his belongings by his side. A man dressed casually and playing his guitar for tips. A man plays guitar along the side of a street. A man plays his guitar while sitting.	A man with a beard playing an instrument.	neutral
Parade of cheerleaders wearing black, pink and white uniforms. Many cheerleaders wearing black, walk down the street. A bunch of girls in cheerleader outfits. Cheerleaders perform.	A large group walking.	entailment
A young boy in a white and red polo shirt is playing in the grass with what looks like a tiny propeller. A child is spinning a hand helicopter in a field of grass. Young boy amazed as he looks at the dragonfly in his hand. Young boy in a field playing with a toy.	A child sits.	neutral
A man is doing a back flip off a ramp on a mountain bike in the wild. A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle. A man performs a back flip on his BMX bicycle. A bikers flips upside down.	A man does a trick.	entailment
Two older women, one in darker clothing and one in lighter clothing, gather up grain as they work on the field. Two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields. Two women in an agricultural landscape sorting crop. Two people in a field gathering crops	Woman standing.	neutral
Four women in similar red outfits are singing and using drums as they perform. A group of girls in red gowns are in the middle of a musical performance. Four women dressed in orange sing into microphones and play drums. A group of women dressed in red dresses are playing hand drums.	Performer beating instruments.	entailment
Two Asian men are leading a group of children in a game that involves touching your head. Two men holding their hands on their heads and talking to a group of children. Two male teachers lead a group of young children in exercise. Two men are entertaining a group of children.	Little kids standing.	neutral
Men, women and children are enjoying a meal outside on the patio. A family sits down to eat at a table outside. A group of people are sitting around a table. People eating a meal at a shared table.	A man gets some food.	entailment
A butcher is slicing meat in a store on the counter. A butcher is hard at work flaying a large fish. Butcher making different cuts of meat. Man cutting fish in a fish market.	Men do tasks.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt is singing and playing guitar on a stage in front of a drummer. A man in a blue and white is performing on stage with a red guitar. A blond guy with a red guitar is singing in a band. Chickenfoot plays a musical set on a stage.	A guy standing.	entailment
Acrobatic young child in a gym setting being watched as he lands from an action pose. Young boy drops from rings in gymnastic class. A little boy playing on gymnastics equipment. Young boy doing gymnastics	A child swings from bars.	neutral
An elderly woman is eating a burger while the man next to her touching his hat. A man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables. Two older women sit at a table with two coolers in front of them. A gray-haired person with glasses enjoys a sandwich.	A man stands.	neutral
A tour guide explaining to a group of onlookers the process's of the machine they are looking at while a woman in black takes a photo. A group of seven women and a man in a building taking pictures and talking. A woman takes a picture alongside a group. A woman taking a photograph.	Women stand.	entailment
A golfer is holding his backstroke pose during a tournament while being watched by hundreds of onlookers. Man in orange shirt with blue pants, looking up at his shot, after just swinging his golf club. A golfer watches his hit after he swings while several onlookers watch in the background. An orange shirted, male golfer, has just completed a swing in front of a large crowd.	An audience watches.	entailment
A dark-haired drummer is playing his set with enthusiasm. A man in a gray shirt with crazy hair playing the drums. A guy in a black shirt is rocking on a set of drums. Man in gray shirt rocking out on the drums.	A musician playing the instruments.	entailment
Three male safety workers in neon yellow vests are taking their break. Three workers in bright green vests, taking a break. Three construction workers sit down and take a break. Construction workers have a hard job.	Men sit on a bench.	neutral
A girl dressed in a black shirt sits on a curb next to a man in a white shirt while others gather around a green statue in the square. Man and women sitting on the steps in the evening with many pillars around them. A couple are sitting and looking at a green colored statue. This is nice place to relax and chat.	A crowd gathered.	entailment
White fluffy dog hangs out of the window of a turquoise building. A shaggy dog hangs its paws out of a light turquoise window. A furry white dog, hanging out of a window. A fluffy white dog hanging out of a window.	A dog leaning through a window.	entailment
A flock of seagulls is taking off from the beach. A flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach. A flock of birds flying over a shoreline. A flock of seagulls flying at the beach.	Animal stands.	contradiction
Girl wearing a mini dress and long-sleeve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area. A woman wearing black boots and a skirt walks down the sidewalk. A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores. A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.	A girl carrying a bag walking down a street.	entailment
A man in a blue hat is laying propped up on the ground. A woman is lying down on the pavement of her campsite. A female is lying down on the grass resting. A woman lying on a rock at a campground.	A climber resting.	entailment
Two dogs play in a large fenced-in area, while two men watch from a distance. A brown dog is jumping up at a black and white dog. Two dogs are playing around in the dirt. A chow jumps on a husky.	A dog putting its head on a larger dog.	neutral
A small boy sitting with a group of troops wearing a combat helmet. Two men from the army sitting with a kid in a blue shirt. Two men in the army with a small boy from the area. Soldiers sit on either side of a young boy.	Men and a boy posing for a picture.	neutral
A young skier enjoys the slopes with the chair-lift in the background. A lone skier dressed in black skies down the snowy slope. An individual skating on a beautiful snowy clear day. A man skiing down a slope.	Skier making his way down a slope.	entailment
A man sits while in the distance other men are shirtless wearing kilts. A man and another person in shadow watch a street parade at night. A man watching something that other people are doing. Two people watching the crowd in front of them.	A man standing.	neutral
A woman has just taken a stroke on the putting green at a golf course, and the ball is on its way to the hole. A woman in a green shirt and khaki pants is attempting to hit the golf ball into the hole. A woman in a green shirt and white pants golfs on the green. A woman spending the day playing golf.	A golfer gets the ball.	neutral
A young boy in a white cap holds a toy plastic golf club, as a man in a dark blue cap walks toward the toy plastic hole marker during a children's game of golf. A young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis. A man and young child playing mini golf with tennis balls and enlarged golf putters. An older man and a young boy are golfing.	A kid practicing his skills.	entailment
Three women and two men in swimsuits, sunbathing on lawn chairs covered by towels. Five people in bathing suit are sitting in lounge chairs on beach towels. A group of young men and women laying on sunbathing chairs. There is a row of teenager on yellow chairs getting tanned.	Man raising his hand.	contradiction
Toddlers having a sleepover, sitting on the couch, giggling at TV. A dark-haired boy smiles while laying next to two other kids. Three children spend time laughing on the couch. A group of kids laugh while seated on a couch.	Little boys and a little girl sit.	entailment
A man rests a silver-colored metal disk on a rock surface as he works on the back side of it. A man in a mountainous region is working with a circular piece of aluminum. A dark-skinned male working with a metal disc on top of concrete. A man in a fleece jacket works with a piece of tin.	An Asian man making something.	entailment
A man wearing a hat is dancing around an area filled with light and graffiti. A man in a white t-shirt and cap is skating along a graffiti covered wall. A male walks on the graffiti wall. A man dances on a colorful wall.	A boy walking.	contradiction
A steam locomotive is refilling its water tanks from a water tower next to the railroad tracks. A man working on a steam engine with a water tower in the background. A man is working on a steam engine in front of a water tower. A train engine with a water tower in the background.	A man bending over.	neutral
A youth on a skateboard is doing flips and tricks over a metal bar. A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick over a bike rail. A skateboarder with dreadlocks does a trick on a bike rack. Long-haired skateboarder jumping over bike rack in a city.	A skater performs a stunt.	entailment
Man sitting outside on sidewalk playing music while taking donations. A middle-aged man is sitting down and playing the accordion. Pan handler playing the accordion on the sidewalk. A street musician is playing the accordion.	A man plays an instrument seated.	entailment
A man with brown hair and a green shirt is playing a trumpet. A brown-haired man in a green shirt plays a trumpet outdoors. A man in a green shirt playing the trombone. A man in a green shirt is playing a trumpet.	A man playing music with an instrument.	entailment
A photographer in blue shirt smoking in the middle of a street. Bald guy smoking a cigarette and holding a camera. Man taking a smoke break from photography. A bald man with a camera smoking.	A man reading.	contradiction
One girl is doing a handstand on an outdoor trampoline while another girl stands on the trampoline with one hand in the air. One girl is doing a handstand on a trampoline while another girl watches Two girls are performing tricks on a trampoline. The children are playing on the trampoline.	Two girls jumping on a trampoline in a backyard.	entailment
Men are playing different musical instruments in a park. Men playing instruments on a baseball field. A group of men playing musical instruments. Musicians play on a baseball diamond.	Some performer playing music.	entailment
A woman with a "taxi" sign on her head and a yellow vinyl shirt walks in a parade. A woman dressed in a colorful yellow outfit and a taxi sign on her head. A woman wearing a yellow taxi costume poses on a street. A woman with sunglasses dressed as a taxi cab.	A woman standing.	contradiction
Children enjoy an abundance of bubbles coming from a nearby fountain while someone captures the moment. Young people are playing in the snow while an older person seems to be taking pictures. Bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street. Foamy bubbles overflow from a street fountain.	Some children standing.	neutral
Multiple diners are sitting in black chairs in a reddish-orange Asian-themed restaurant eating. Many people are sitting in a restaurant eating their meals. Asians eating in a restaurant with an orange motif. People eating at a Chinese restaurant.	A group eating.	entailment
Two young ladies are sitting in some yellow flowers and smiling. Girls huddle in field of plants, one holding leaf bundle. Two Asian girls are sitting in a flower field. Two girls pose behind yellow wildflowers.	Girls smile at the camera.	entailment
Through windows into a building, we see on one floor people eating at a nice restaurant, while on the floor below we see a working man looking out at us from where he kneels between shelves and boxes. A lady is eating in a restaurant and a man is downstairs kneeling in the restaurants' kitchen. People are eating in a restaurant while a man unpacks boxes downstairs. A man is stocking shelves while people are eating in a restaurant.	A man sits.	neutral
A closeup of a young boy with a green shirt and brown hair looking down and to his right against a blurred grassy backdrop. A young boy wearing a green t-shirt is looking away from the photographer. A child in a green shirt is looking at something that is out of the frame. A young boy in a green shirt is looking down and slightly smiling.	A child gazes.	entailment
One very fat sumo wrestler wrestles with a thinner wrestler while an umpire dressed in green watches. Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators. Two sumo wrestlers fight in the ring as people watch. Two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match	Two fighters competing.	entailment
A boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes. A young boy watching a woman walk through blocks. People wander a surreal maze like sculpture. A boy is sitting on rectangular blocks.	A girl and a guy sitting.	contradiction
A large, white dog running up a hill with a person walking away in the back. While the man walks along the fence, a dog is running towards the tree. A dog runs uphill towards the camera in near a fenced area. A white dog runs towards the camera as a man walks away.	A man moving.	entailment
A middle-aged male with brunette hair, sitting in a green chair, writing in a notebook, sitting by a phone booth. Man sitting at the end of a row of green chairs by some payphones. A man sitting on a green chair in an airport. A man sitting next to a pay phone.	A man writes on a piece of paper.	entailment
It looks as though there was a beauty competition of some sort sponsored by the Chinese as evidenced by the stuffed panda bears. Five pretty ladies listening to a talk show host. Jackie Chan and a group of women sit on a stage. Jackie Chan speaks to women at an Olympic event.	A woman stands in the background.	neutral
A black and brown dog with a brown dog in a grassy field with patches of white. A black dog is facing a brown dog in an open outdoor space. Two dogs greet each other in a snowy grass field. Two dogs in a grassy field.	Dogs standing.	entailment
An African-American man in jeans and a white t-shirt that says "Cuido La Playa" pushes his blue wooden cart on a sandy beach. An African American man standing with a blue wooden card with two wheels on a sandy beach. A man walks down a beach pushing a cart in front of him. A man is pushing a cart down the beach.	A man selling items.	entailment
A man wearing a white cap and a long orange jacket looking downwards while standing in front of a rock wall. A man in an orange jacket is looking at stones stacked in columns. A construction worker checking out the building site. Construction worker in rain gear pausing.	A man walking.	contradiction
Two white males are doing a set at a venue with guitars and vocals. Two male band members are playing guitars in front of a microphone. Two men are holding guitars. Two men playing the guitar.	Musicians smile.	contradiction
With white headphones, a bearded young man in a yellow and black outfit rides a bike for SelektMail A man in a yellow jacket rides a yellow bike laden with several packages on the street. A man in a yellow jacket and black hat siting on a yellow bike. In this photo, a man is delivering something on his bike.	A man sitting.	neutral
The woman leans over and takes a bite of food from her plate. A woman is eating at a table as people walk by. A young woman eating salad bent over a table. A woman in a black shirt eating a salad.	Woman preparing a dish.	contradiction
A man in a gray jacket and bright striped tennis shoes plays an upright piano outdoors while three people look on. A man wearing a gray jacket is playing the piano on the sidewalk. A man in a denim jacket playing the piano in the street. A street musician in Europe.	A man sits.	entailment
A large group of people are walking up a steep mountain with clouds hanging in the background. A group male and female hikers observe the scenery. A large group of people walking on a mountainside. A group of people on a mountain trail.	A group standing on a hillside.	entailment
A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute. A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding. The man is waterskiing. A man windsurfing.	A man pulled through the water on his ski.	entailment
Two brown and black dogs chasing a plastic bag through the grass. Two dogs are chasing a soccer ball in front of a playground. Two dogs chasing a toy in the air at the playground. Two dogs chasing a plastic bag.	Two dogs playing in a yard.	entailment
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow. Two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs. A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog. Two dogs, one with mouth open.	A dog bearing its teeth.	entailment
The blond boy wearing a striped shirt is walking through the grass. A little boy in a striped shirt has his hands on his head. A child with his hands on his head. A boy holds his hands on his head.	A child stands.	contradiction
A group of older men and women sit attentively listening in metal folding chairs. A group of older individuals sit on chairs while one individual in blue stands. A group of men and women sit in brown chairs while looking off to the distance. A small group of people listening to a speaker or presentation.	Men paying close attention.	entailment
A young girls wearing a red coat chasing birds through a walkway in a park. In a park a kid is chasing pigeons and two men are walking A little girl chasing pigeons in a park. A child in a red jacket chases pigeons.	A child running towards a group of animals.	entailment
A man dressed in short khaki pants, a white shirt, a red tie, and a blue jacket playing a drum set for an audience of mostly children. A man in a blue jacket plays the drums in the middle of a street in front of children. A street performer playing a percussion instrument in front of a crowd of people. A street performer playing a drum set in front of a crowd of people.	A man standing.	neutral
Several people are sitting at a wooden table with many papers on it. A group of people sitting at a table working on paperwork. A group of students working together in a classroom. A group of people sitting at a table.	Children working on a project at a table.	neutral
One dog is standing whilst two other dogs are running in the snow. Three dogs are playing around in the snow. Two dogs play together in the snow. Three dogs play in snow.	Dogs chasing each other.	entailment
A man wearing tan pants and blue shirt is sitting on a sidewalk resting. A man in blue shirt falling asleep by a bike in front of red bricks. A gray-haired man is sitting outside talking on the phone. Older man in blue shirt rest on a bench.	Man seated.	entailment
A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course. A bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp. A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp. A biker does a trick on a ramp.	A man jumps high.	entailment
A soccer game between the red team and the blue team. Soccer game with teams in red and blue. A group of soccer players after a ball. A soccer game is in progress.	Two teams playing a game.	entailment
Five people with backpacks hiking down a rocky hill. A group of hikers climb rocky terrain. The hikers descend on the mountain. Five hikers walk down the hillside.	Backpackers hiking.	entailment
The two men are wearing tall hats, one hat is a red print and the other is gold colored. Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera. Two men wear silly stove pipe hats and wear makeup. The hatted males pose for a picture.	A man frowns.	neutral
A man, in a green shirt, is attempting to light a firework near the water of a lake. A man in a green shirt is checking a thin pole stuck on the edge of a waterway. An old man squats near the water where there are boats docked. Older man measuring the water line of nearby shore.	A man bends down.	entailment
A young man performs yoga, inspired by a beautiful day on the beach. A man in printed board shorts is doing a yoga pose on the beach. A man in swim trunks poses in a yoga stance on the beach. A man posing on the beach by the water.	A man stands.	neutral
A man and woman standing by a blue double door with fish and they are pretending to be swimming. Two people pretending to be in the water next to a door with fish cutouts. The two people in t-shirts pretend to swim in front of two blue doors. A couple acting like they are swimming in front of a fish cutout door.	A man dances.	contradiction
A man with a red shirt on is standing on a skateboard that is resting on a garbage container. A man in a red shirt and matching shoes skateboards off the top of a small building. A guy in an orange shirt, orange shoes and brown hat on an airborne skateboard. A man with a red shirt and red shoes, balancing a skateboard on a dumpster.	Skateboarder jumps.	entailment
A man dressed in a white shirt and black vest is playing an electric guitar. A man playing a guitar on stage, wearing a black suit. A man in formal wear plays the guitar and sings. A man playing the guitar at a club.	A man with a tattoo on his arm playing an instrument.	neutral
A girl with blond hair dressed in a yellow shirt with black stripe uniform for soccer is out in the green grassy field A girl in a Yellow and Black uniform with the number eight on it runs across a field. A young girl wearing a yellow soccer jersey is running on a field. A blond girl in a yellow and black jersey plays soccer.	A child running in a game.	entailment
A young woman smiling and a young man smirking in front of a speaker. A man and woman strike a funny pose in front of a sound system. Brunette couple posing for a picture outside by a speaker. Girl and Guy in red cap, glasses, talking to others.	A man standing.	neutral
A young man and woman dance at a retirement home while three old ladies look on. A guy and a girl in jeans dancing with old women in the background watching. Seniors as well as a younger couple enjoy dancing at a get together. A man in a black shirt dancing with a woman who is smiling.	An older woman stands.	neutral
A male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain. A hiker is climbing up a very steep mountain. The man is hiking up a grassy mountainside. A man hikes up a huge mountain.	Hiker stands on hill.	contradiction
A few people watch several swimmers with fitted swimming caps swim in an Olympic-size swimming pool. A bunch of swimmer are in a pool with spectators standing by blue platforms at the side of the pool. Swimmers are playing an indoor game of water polo while several spectators watch. Family and friends wait nearby while a group takes a swim at the indoor pool.	Some onlookers watch.	entailment
There are two people, one is a man wearing a blue shirt mixed with other colors who holds a guitar and the other is a girl wearing a brown dress and holding a microphone. A band, consisting of at least one male guitar player and one female singer, plays music on a stage. A man dressed in blue and a female dressed in a brown dress, with the mic are performing on stage. Two people singing on stage, one holding a guitar.	A girl singing.	entailment
A man is walking a dog with a pink, lacy collar while enjoying a beer with a friend. A man in a red baseball cap is leaning against a light pole. A man is leaning against a pole with his drink in his hand. Two men outside drink beers outside with their pet dog.	Men standing.	entailment
A group of friends playing cards and trying to bluff each other into making a terrible mistake. Several men play cards while around a green table. A group of several men playing poker. Six white males playing poker.	A group gathers.	entailment
Customers are standing in line to buy something to eat. An Asian woman serving food to a group of Asian people. A woman is serving food outside on a busy street. A woman serves food on the side of the road.	A vendor preparing food.	entailment
Two people walk down a brick sidewalk by a yellow and white building. Two young people are walking outside past a two-toned wall. Two people wearing backpacks walking alongside a building. Two people walking together beside a yellow building.	Children walking down a street.	entailment
A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth. The girl is swimming with only her head above the water. The girl with brown hair swam in the water. A girl blows a bubble in the water.	A girl sits.	contradiction
A smiling young brunette woman carries a black video camera in her hand. A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park. A white woman holding a Panasonic video camera in a park. A woman holding a video camera.	A woman standing on the grass.	neutral
A group of people, of all ages, listening to a concert being performed by a solo practitioner. A woman playing a guitar in front of a group of people standing outside. A woman, playing music, smiles as a crowd surrounds her. A woman performing with a guitar on a crowded street.	A crowd gathers.	entailment
A small black and white dog is swimming in water. A black and white dog is swimming in some water A black and white dog swims in blue water. A black and white dog swimming.	A dog paddles.	entailment
A baseball player wearing a blue uniform with the letter 16 on it, is attempting to hit the base without the opposite team tagging him out. A base runner is being tagged out by the opposing team. A baseball player tagging out the player in blue. Baseball player is caught stealing a base	Men playing baseball.	entailment
Two Asian women and an Asian girl are sitting at a farmers market and are selling produce including yams. The Asian girl behind the fruit stand is having a surprised look to a camera. The woman with the hat is selling some fruits and root crops. Surprised girl at a fruit stand.	A woman making a funny face.	neutral
A crowd of people containing some people who are smiling and some who are taking photographs. A crowd is watching a performance in a dark venue, and one man is taking a photo. A man with a camera aimed at a singer in a green jacket. A crowd of people with one man taking a photo.	A photographer taking a picture.	entailment
Green motorcycle with matching rider races past onlookers. The motorcycle is being driven by a man in green suit. A motorbike racer takes a curve on a street circuit. A motorcyclist is making a right turn.	Driver going into a turn.	entailment
A man equipped with a chainsaw and protective gear is crafting a bird statue out of wood. A man is carving a large eagle out of wood in a public setting. A man carving an eagle out of a tree stump with a chainsaw. A man with a chainsaw is carving a bird out of wood.	Man sculpts an animal.	entailment
The tennis player in the orange shirt is airborne whilst swinging his racquet. A man in an orange shirt and white shorts playing tennis. There is a man in an orange shirt playing tennis. A man playing tennis.	A tennis player holds his racket.	entailment
A gray in a gray sweatshirt running alongside of a small dog A person playing with their black dog in the grass. A black dog is in the grass with a woman in jeans. A woman and a dog are running in a field.	A woman flies a kite.	contradiction
People walking in a park with green grass, trees and red flowers. People walking in a field with trees on both sides. Several people are walking through a lush garden. Several groups of people walk in a pretty park.	A group stands.	contradiction
A group of adults and small children sit and stand around picnic tables behind a pile of three boxes. Families are gathered together near a road through the park. Adults and children are sitting outside on and near benches. A group of people are gathered outside.	A child plays with rocks.	neutral
Seven people of Asian descent are expressing happiness standing in front of a stone dragon statue in a park in winter time. A line of people making poses in front of a camel statue. People standing near a statue posing for a photograph. Tourists posing by a cement camel statue.	A group takes a picture.	entailment
Two Asian men are passing each other and one is carrying a huge bunch of green onions while the other watches and there is a small child in the background. A man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette. A man in a black shirt holds a large bushel of vegetables. A man in all black carries a vegetable.	A man looks at the camera.	neutral
A crowd of people watching a football game with a player wearing red and cheerleaders also wearing red. A football player is grabbing the ankle of another player who is holding the ball. The fans at a football game cheer while the player runs towards the end zone. An Oklahoma football player is about to score.	A crowd standing.	neutral
A man sits on a bench holding his dog and looking at the water. A man holding a dog sitting on a bench overlooking a lake. A man and a dog sit on a bench near a body of water. A man holds his dog near a pond.	A man watches the sunset.	neutral
Three dogs jump, run and play in the snowy landscape. Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill. Three dogs running in the snow. Three dogs in the snow.	Dogs racing.	entailment
A man pats the back of an old bearded man with a cane sitting next to him. An old man with a long gray beard sits on a stoop with two other men. Two old people are speaking on a sidewalk. Men sitting and conversing.	Men talking.	entailment
A man with a blue hat is standing next to some bikes and a crowd of people. A man wearing a Brazilian flag and a blue hat stands in the street. A crowd of people looking at something going on in a large city. A man with a flag stands in front of a crowd.	A crowd watching an event.	entailment
A Hispanic family sitting around a table enjoying a meal together. A large family is eating a meal together at a table. A group of people surrounded at a dinner table Family around table eating.	A family posing.	contradiction
Four people in hazard suits and gloves are standing and posing for the camera in front of bags of trash. Four people in protective clothing standing next to garbage bags. A four person clean up crew with bodysuits, gloves, and masks. Four people have on white protective suits.	A group standing.	entailment
Two Asian girls dressed in black pose for a picture in front of dry trees. Two Asian girls with long bangs covering their eyes Two Asian women dressed in black. Two girls in black dresses.	Two women standing next to each other.	entailment
Little girl walking on rocks near grassy area beside building. A young girl walks across big rocks. A child walking on rocks. A girl walking on rocks.	A child plays in a garden.	neutral
There is a person with a white hat, blue coat and blue scarf passing a group of stands with various items for sale. A lady with a blue coat is seen riding a bike in front of a store. A man biking by a sigh next to things for sale. Women cycling past a small store.	A man stands.	neutral
A small group of people of observe the wilderness during the daytime. Four people are in a wooded area on some rocks. There are four people sitting out in the woods. Four people are in the woods taking a hike.	A couple sitting.	contradiction
A man sits on the side of his boat while fumbling with a knot in his fishing net. On a stunning blue tropical ocean, a man is in his boat fixing his fishing net. A middle-aged man in a white boat untangles his fishing net. One man in a fishing boat, working on his net.	A fisherman repairing his net.	entailment
A group of men in white robes and standing with their hands raised. Multiple martial artist's pose with their hands in the air. Men with their hands raised are wearing karate uniforms. Men in white outfits are holding up their hands.	A man taking part in a religious ceremony.	contradiction
A man in a gray shirt, standing outdoors, holds something in his mouth and is passing it to the mouth of another man, who is dressed in a black shirt. Two men trading a sausage link with each other via mouth. Two men kissing with a sausage in their mouths. Two gay guys having fun with a wiener	Two guys playing a game.	neutral
A man with white hair, wearing a white shirt and blue pants, stands in front of a group of elderly men sitting outside next to a paved gray path on which a black dog sits. A man in a white shirt talks to a seated group of elderly people outdoors. A man stands and speaks to a group of seated, elderly people. Lot of men are sitting under a shaded tree.	Men sit on a bench in a park.	neutral
Five women are all sitting on the floor together working on a project. Five women sitting on the floor sewing on a mutual project. These five people are working together on an art project. Five women working on a craft together.	A group sits.	entailment
A referee with a whistle in his mouth points to the right and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a defensive player. Two men, one wearing white another wearing green, playing basketball in a school arena while a ref watches. Two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball. Two boys playing basketball was the referee looks on.	A referee standing.	entailment
A young man wearing a red shirt, and blue jeans, is lying down next to a window. A young man takes a nap in the window of a business next to the street. A man in a red shirt and jeans is lying down on a small ledge. A man takes a nap in the city.	A man rests.	entailment
A girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket A young girl in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball with a pink racket The tennis player in the red shirt is trying to hit the ball. A little girl is playing tennis on an outdoor court.	A child attempts to hit a ball.	entailment
A military man with an orange safety vest is behind the wheel of a military vehicle. Man in camouflage uniform with orange life vest, piloting a boat. A man in a military uniform and life jacket captains a boat. A military man drives a boat.	A man stands.	neutral
A little girl with brown hair is blowing the petals off of a flower. A small girl in a dress blows bubbles in a grassy field. A little girl is blowing bubbles in a field. A little girl blowing bubbles.	A child walking through a field.	neutral
A man in a black leather coat with a 1950s hairstyle is playing a guitar and singing on stage. A man in a leather jacket is playing a guitar and singing to a crowd. A male vocalist plays guitar and sings under the spotlight. The rock star is playing his guitar while he is singing.	A musician singing and playing an instrument.	entailment
A young child in pink is pushing downed leaves as grass into a pile. A little girl with braids in her hair is pushing around hay. A little girl in a pink top plays with a hoe in a hay bale. A young girl tries her hand at gardening.	A child cleaning.	contradiction
One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building. People that live in slums are showing how they attempt to clean. Three people are standing outside of a ghetto shack. Three people are shown living in poverty.	Two men cleaning.	neutral
Middle eastern woman walking alongside motorcyclist in heavy street traffic. A woman in traditional Indian dress walks on a street next to a motorcycle. Motorbikes, cars, trucks and people share the rode in India. A guy on a motorcycle outside in India.	A man rides on a bike.	entailment
Five women are sitting in a greenhouse with desert succulent plants, possibly reading or discussing something together. A family sits in a conservatory with lawn chairs and has a picnic. Five people seated in a green house containing desert plant life. People sitting around in a greenhouse.	A group sitting.	entailment
Two male cowboys are riding a horse trying to rope a black cafe. Two men in cowboy hats on top of horses are roping a calf. Two men on stallions perform lassoing a small black calf. Two men riding horses trying to catch a cow.	A man preparing to lasso a bull.	neutral
Two adolescent girls are seated at a wooden table creating homemade crafts. Two girls, one with brown hair and one with red, make toy cars. Two young girls are building wooden toys at a table. Two preteen girls doing arts and crafts.	Two children working on a project.	entailment
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people. Two people kiss near a crowd. A man and a woman kissing. A man is kissing a woman.	A crowd mills.	neutral
Two men, wrestling, the man in green has the guy in black shorts in an arm hold. One man has another man trapped in a straight armbar hold on a gym floor. Two boys wrestle in a gymnasium. Two boys in a wrestling match.	Someone stands.	contradiction
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna running very fast. A small white dog running across a lawn. The small dogs runs in the yard. A small white dog running	A dog runs along the green grass.	entailment
Three people, an adult Asian in white, a white male in green, and an Asian child stand for a portrait overlooking many mountains covered in trees. Two adults and a child are standing on a rock with mountains in the background. A family photo on top of a mountain with a beautiful view behind them. A boy and two young men pose for a photo on a rocky outcropping.	A man gets his picture taken.	entailment
The man in the green checkered shirt is eating something. One man lying down as his friend eats standing. One man is eating while lying down. Two men are outside, one is eating.	Two men take a break.	entailment
A man with a microphone and piece of paper walking. A man is standing with a microphone in his hand. A man is happily giving out announcements. A white male is talking on a microphone.	A man smiling.	neutral
A man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside. Through an open doorway there is a man outside with a shovel and a wheelbarrow. A view through a doorway of a man shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow. A person is shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow.	A man filling a barrel.	contradiction
A white crane flying through the air over some water. A stork flying low over the water. A white heron flies into the sky. A swan is flying above water.	A bird flying.	entailment
A boy taking aim at a target on a bale of hay with his bow and arrow. Boy wearing jeans aiming bow and arrow toward target on a hay bale. A young archer aims his bow at a haystack target. A boy is aiming a bow and arrow at a target.	A boy firing a gun.	contradiction
A flock of seagulls is taking off from the beach. A flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach. A flock of birds flying over a shoreline. A flock of seagulls flying at the beach.	Animal stands on the sand.	contradiction
Two Rottweiler dogs indoors, the smaller one barking at the larger. A small black and brown dog growls at a larger black and brown dog. Two black and brown dogs looking at each other. Two black dogs play on carpet.	A dog stands.	entailment
A bride and a groom standing on a large stairway with many people surround them or take their picture. A bride and groom being photographed on a stairway in a very public area. Public wedding event with photographers. A bride and man in a tuxedo on stairs.	A partner taking photos.	contradiction
A woman in jeans and a revealing top is jumping in front of a green hoop-like structure. A young woman using a green hula hoop. A woman hula-hooping in a red shirt. A young adult is hula hooping.	A child moves.	contradiction
A person in a green and white suit does tricks midair on a black bike. A dirt biker is flying through the air with his motorcycle. Person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle. A BMX biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike.	A man performing a trick.	entailment
Little boys in their red uniforms play soccer outside. Two boys in red uniforms are playing soccer. Two boys in red uniforms playing soccer. Children playing a soccer game.	A soccer player is kicking a goal.	neutral
Two men one has a white shirt and other one has on a brown shirt and sunglasses. A man with a brown t-shirt holds on to a wire while another man looks on. A man smiles and holds onto a rope on a boat. Two men on a boat.	A man talking.	neutral
A dog is running down a black and yellow ramp in an obstacle course. A brown, black and white dog is on an obstacle course. The black and white dog ran down the ramp. A dog climbs down a black ramp	A dog walks.	contradiction
A mother with a blue shirt, chases after her child, who is inside a red slide. A man with an earring interacts with a child on a playground. Person smiles at child inside of playground structure. Person watching a child as they play.	A man crawls.	contradiction
As spectators watch, a man dressed in a cowboy outfit rides on the front of a long yellow tractor. Two men riding something at a rodeo, in front of a huge crowd. Man riding a yellow machine on a dirt field at an event A man sitting on a fake airplane during a rodeo.	A man talking.	neutral
A man with a blue hat is standing next to some bikes and a crowd of people. A man wearing a Brazilian flag and a blue hat stands in the street. A crowd of people looking at something going on in a large city. A man with a flag stands in front of a crowd.	A crowd seated.	contradiction
A construction worker in a blue hard hat does work while standing on metal piping. Construction worker doing his job on scaffolding. A construction worker fits metal pipes together. A worker is doing a job on scaffolding.	A man doing construction.	entailment
Five workers sitting on the side of a road eating lunch. Five workmen sit to have lunch beside a parking lot. Five workers sitting in front of trucks eating lunch A group of workers are waiting to be picked up.	Several men sitting.	entailment
A young black man rides a donkey with a colorful saddle, and is surrounded by tropical palms. A young boy is sitting on a horse with another horse and bright green vegetation behind him. Young boy sitting on a red saddle on a horse. A young boy rides a horse in the rain forest.	A boy smiling.	neutral
A woman is giving a speech to a group of people and is using a diagram. A woman explaining something to others with drawings on an easel. Group of women doing a presentation off an easel. Some women are giving a presentation.	A woman stands.	neutral
A few players show off their jousting skills in a gym. Two fencers in gear fighting in a fencing class Two fencers in full gear duel in a gym. The people in the masks are fencing.	Fencers compete.	entailment
A woman in a white dress shows a man in a suit something in her hand. A man in a jacket and tie smiles at a woman in a white dress. An elegantly dressed man and woman are standing together. Bride eating wedding cake from her new husband's shirt.	A partner laughing.	neutral
Four girls dressed in warm clothing walking down a road covered in snow. Four people walk down an icy road away from camera Four women are taking a walk down an icy road. Four women walk down a snow covered road.	A group walking.	entailment
An old man stands in front of a building front papered with election signs. An old man, behind him on glass is many political advertisements. A man just roaming on the streets during night. Man in a blue suit waiting.	A man walks.	entailment
A group of men and women wearing costumes, goggles, and hats sit and stand around an indoor table while conversing and drinking coffee or tea. Many people in steampunk themed clothing attend a party. A group of people enjoy a united calling. A group of people at a festival.	Group seated.	entailment
A man with a red shirt and white shorts is walking near a man with a white shirt and black pants down a busy street. A man in a red shirt and white shorts is walking behind a man in a white shirt. People crossing the street in a busy downtown area with backpacks. Two guys walking, on the side of the street, outside.	A man carries coffee.	contradiction
A man is taking a picture of a woman standing on a stone block. The man in the yellow and gray jacket is taking a picture. A man wearing a winter jacket is taking a picture. A man in black cap is taking photo.	A man carrying a bag.	neutral
A young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park. A young person doing a high-flying bike trick with his or her arms out. A girl on a bicycle doing a jump in the air with no hands. A person does a trick on a bike.	A child flying.	neutral
A man in white studies at a white table with a white chair in an empty room. A man sitting at a white plastic table in the shadows. A man in a white shirt sits at a table, reading. A man sitting alone at a small table reading.	A gentleman sitting.	entailment
A young boy wearing a blue sports shirt climbs a tree. A young boy wearing a tank-top is climbing a tree. Child in athletic clothing climbing a tree. A boy is climbing on top of a tree.	A boy smiling for a picture.	contradiction
An Asian girl is riding piggyback on another girl as they pass some red tape. Two girls in pink shirts looking at a fountain from behind a red velvet rope. A big sister in pink is giving her little sister a piggyback ride. One child carries another child on her back.	Little girl standing.	neutral
A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, alongside of this lake. A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger. Two people in a boat in front of colorful trees and one of the people is paddling through the still water. A man is steering a ship with a long pole along a tree-lined river.	A woman relaxing.	neutral
A woman with a chain around her neck leans before a small girl playing a game of Jenga while others watch on. Man in straight jacket trying to get loose, standing in front of child with Jenga blocks. Person escapes straitjacket and chains while a child looks on. Man escaping a straitjacket while many people watch.	A group watches a performer.	entailment
A boy is running into the yard where all the pigeons are and scaring them off. A child is playing among a flock of birds in the park. A little boy surrounded by birds in a park. A little boy enjoying birds in the park.	A child runs through a group of animals.	entailment
A man wearing a straw hat and sitting on a black box on top of a rock with a pole. Guy checking his fishing line while sitting on a ledge overlooking the water A man in denim shorts and a straw hat is fishing off of the rocks. A man in a hat sits on a rock to fish.	A man baits his hook.	neutral
A man and two boys are climbing on a rock in the park. A group of people walking on a rocky ridge. Two children and a man on a boulder. Three people climb on a large rock.	A man holding a white hat.	contradiction
A man in playing the guitar with a glare of the sun in the background. A man plays a guitar on a stage, the lights bright behind him. A man intently looks at his guitar while playing it. A man playing his favorite song with his guitar.	A middle-aged man playing an instrument.	entailment
A group of people who are wearing costumes are standing in front of a blue building. A group of people dressed in very colorful authentic costumes make conversation. There are many people talking and laughing wearing very colorful clothing. The lady is smiling with the colorful dress.	Some men standing.	neutral
Pedestrians walking on a crowded street in an Asian city, seen from the back. People walk down a busy city street on a sunny day. A crowd of people walking along a busy street. People walk down a busy street.	A woman carrying a white bag.	neutral
A basketball is up in the air above players on two teams, one team is wearing white and the other team is wearing navy blue. A basketball game where many of them are gathered around the hoop and two have fallen to the ground on the right. A college basketball game being played in the Big Ten Conference. Basketball players waiting for a rebound.	Men deciding.	neutral
A little boy in a black shirt and blue jeans walking down a path. The young child in the black shirt and jeans ran down the path. Little boy runs downhill at camera, gazebo in background. A boy runs down a concrete hill.	Child enjoying a day at a park.	entailment
Two young men on bicycles one is doing a flip while the other watches Two trick bikers, one is jumping at the top of a ramp. A man watches another man do a bicycle trick. Two young men do cycle figures on ramp.	A bike rider sits.	contradiction
A newlywed couple kiss while they cut the wedding cake. Newlyweds kiss by their wedding cake. Newlywed couple sharing a kiss. A nice newlywed couple.	Bride and partner kissing.	entailment
A person with a bag walking in a big city. People walking a standing in a city park. A woman in a black suit is walking by. A person is walking with a white bag.	Man carrying a small bag.	neutral
While standing in front of several cafe tables, a woman wearing an off-white blouse and a dark colored skirt speaks with a woman who is wearing white sunglasses, a white shirt and a green skirt. Two women talking in an outdoor setting. Two women wearing glasses are talking. Two women at a function talking	Women converse with each other.	entailment
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock. Two dogs wade through shallow water while a man watches from a dock. Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock. A man watching two dogs in the water.	Man standing.	neutral
A group of people on the street dancing to four men playing various conga drums. A group of women dressed in white are dancing in the street. A group of street drummers play while some onlookers dance. Many people dancing while others play the conga drums.	Performers dance.	entailment
A middle-aged man wearing a white shirt, black shorts and a white hat is running on the road. A man with white shoes, a white hat, and a white shirt running on pavement. A man is running down a street during a race. A man running on the street.	Some spectators watch.	neutral
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch. A group of kids in red and white playing soccer. There is a soccer game in progress. Boys soccer teams playing a game.	Opponents watch.	entailment
A band performs on a modest-sized stage for an attentive crowd, with the band showing two guitarists, a keyboardist, and a percussionist. A band performing a concert in front of a moderately large crowd A musical group performing before a large audience. Musician performs at local venue.	An audience watches.	entailment
Two young girls stand in the dirt road and smile at the camera. Two young children standing outside on a dirt road. Two smiling girls stand on a dirt road in India. Two young girls are smiling at the camera.	Children laughing.	neutral
The young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake. A girl jumps from an orange raft into a lake. Girl jumping off a raft into a lake. A girl jumps off of a raft.	Child jumping into water.	entailment
A woman wearing orange is standing in front of a river with a tree covered mountainside in the background. A woman in a peach-colored dress standing near some water. Older woman in an orange dress standing on a waterfront. A native woman does her laundry at the rivers edge.	A woman walking on sand.	contradiction
An old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street. An old lady wearing a gray hat coming out of the store. An old woman in a brown coat standing on the sidewalk. An old woman next to the sidewalk	A woman waiting to cross a street.	entailment
Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass. The dogs are walking in the desert. Two dogs walking along dirt path. Two dogs run across dry ground.	Dogs playing outside.	entailment
On a wooden structure before a yellowed grassland, youths open garbage bags. Two young boys are carrying a large object across a wooden deck. Children on an observation deck at a park. Five people standing by a gate.	A group standing.	entailment
A dark-haired boy smiles while laying next to two other kids. Two little boys and a little girl sit on a purple couch. Three children spend time laughing on the couch. A group of kids laugh while seated on a couch.	Toddlers sitting.	entailment
A boy wearing a floral patterned swimsuit is jumping into a swimming pool. A young boy about to land in the pool holding up one finger and smiling. Young boy wearing a white bathing suit is jumping up in the pool. A man in swim shorts jumping into a pool.	A teen jumping.	entailment
Four dancers - two women in red, white and black, and two men in black and red, doing a silent move. Several dancers on stage with nice lighting and red, black, and white costumes. Four people dancing on a stage wearing a red scarf around their waists. Dancers perform on stage.	Three performers perform on a stage.	entailment
A man stirring sauce with a wooden spatula in a steel container on a stove top. Man with brown shirt stirring something in a pot. A male college student is making marinara sauce A person is cooking what look likes sauce.	A man standing.	entailment
A man in a crowd appears in a city scene wearing a mostly black outfit with a graphic picture on his shirt. A gray-haired man wearing all black is standing on the corner of a busy street. Man dressed in black stands on sidewalk facing away from crowd. A man dressed all in black, standing next to a curb.	A bunch of people walking.	neutral
A large brown dog and a small gray dog on a rocky surface with weeds behind them. A small black dog is shocked when a larger brown dog gives him a sniff. A large brown dog has his nose on the back of a small black dog. The brown dog sniffs the back of a smaller black dog.	Dogs stand near each other.	entailment
A baby in a blue one-piece outfit is crying on a plush blanket. A baby in blue laying on a green blanket shows their emotions. A baby laying on a green blanket is crying. A crying baby boy dressed in blue pajamas.	An infant crying.	entailment
A little girl in a red shirt holds on to a pole near a street. A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street. A child in a red jacket holding up two fingers. A young girl holds up a peace sign.	A child standing.	entailment
A man in a white shirt doing some kind of work on a street. A man prepares his local stand for the days business. A man sits on a small chair on a sidewalk. This man is at work on the street.	A man holding a beverage.	neutral
Two people are looking at something on the ground that one is scraping carefully. Two men trying to scrape the cement from the floor to level it. Two men inside a tent are examining the floor. Two people search for objects in the dirt.	Men using tools.	entailment
A small, child on her hands and knees, appears to be wiping tiles with a cloth. A blond-haired toddler on her hands and knees in front of a door. A child is on the ground looking at a cloth. A young girl cleans the ground with a rag.	A child crawling on the floor.	neutral
An adult and a child hike through the forest with backpacks. A man and a boy backpack hiking through a forest. A man and a boy go hiking through the forest. Man and boy with backpacks on a hiking trail.	Hikers walk through a forest.	entailment
A blond pregnant woman in a black shirt is standing in the kitchen with her hand on her belly holding something in her mouth. A woman with blond hair wearing a black shirt is standing, looking down in a home kitchen. A blond woman in a black shirt standing in a kitchen. A woman in black is holding something in her mouth.	A girl posing.	neutral
There are several construction workers in an area blocked off from a sidewalk by an orange and white barricade and a metal fence with several construction machines. Construction workers are working with a heavy piece of machinery behind an orange and white striped barrier. Construction workers in yellow jackets and red pants standing by a gate. Construction work being performed in a local business area.	Men building something.	neutral
A bird has its wings spread very wide and is standing on rocks. A bird takes off, surrounded by large rocks A large duck in flight over a rocky stream. A seabird is flying over rocks.	An animal flies.	entailment
A man smiles while serving food from a very large bowl. A table full of food in a packed outdoor market. People are having occasion and they are eating. A chef is selling ethnic food.	A vendor serves his customers.	entailment
A player sits on the bench while watching his teammates play ice hockey. Four hockey players and a referee on the ice. A referee is intervening in a hockey game. A group of men play hockey in a stadium.	A referee breaking up a fight.	neutral
A girl in a white tank top posing with a guitar in front of a red Chevelle. A young girl in front of a red an old red care with an old red guitar. A girl is standing in front of an automobile while holding a guitar. She is standing in front of a vintage car and ready to play guitar.	A woman playing an instrument.	contradiction
There are rows upon rows of seats and benches filled with people, four giant chandeliers and four equally sized pillars dominate the room. People are sitting in a balcony overlooking a large room below that has four chandeliers. The people with programs are seated in a very large, elegant room. A bald man is looking at a woman.	A group sitting.	entailment
Two little blond girls in helmets are sitting on a red ATV. Two young sisters pose while sitting on a big red quad. Sisters on a red four wheeler wanting to go for a ride. Two young girls sitting on an all terrain vehicle.	Kids sit.	entailment
An elderly woman is eating a burger while the man next to her touching his hat. A man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables. Two older women sit at a table with two coolers in front of them. A gray-haired person with glasses enjoys a sandwich.	A man stands in the background.	neutral
Two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired. A group of people sitting at a table. Two men and a woman in an office. Three adults at work.	Another man stands.	contradiction
Two men in a cage are boxing with each other in front of tons of people. Two MMA fighters wearing shorts and fighting in a cage match. Two men fight in a ring while spectators look on. Two men fighting in front of an audience.	A man is kicking.	neutral
In the autumn, two men run in opposite directions down a path that leads over a bridge and through the woods, while two others walking a dog are stopped on the bridge. A man is running on a bridge, while a dog is standing between two men on the bridge as well. Various people out and about in a public place on an autumn day. Man in all black outfit running across bridge.	A man jogging in a park.	contradiction
A construction worker wearing a hard hat is helping position the support beams for the roof. A construction worker balances high up as he guides beams into place. The man standing on the beam is wearing a white hard hat. Construction worker setting beams on building.	A man sits.	neutral
One person stands and another sits on the summit of a mountain. Mountain peaks in the foreground and distance. Two people stand at the peak of a mountain. Two people at the top of a mountain.	A man stands.	neutral
People are waiting in line to order food, while others are walking away with their food. People ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window. A crowd of people of different ages at a food stand. Several people are ordering food at a window.	Customers standing.	entailment
A little girl in blue is watching a little boy in black swing at a Disney princess pinata. A little boy goes to hit a pinata while a little girl looks watches. A small kid hitting a Cinderella Pinata. Little boy hitting a princess pinata.	Friends watch.	neutral
A man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dog's back A running dog and a standing man on a dry field of grass. A man is sitting on a black and brown dog. An attack dog is working with his trainer.	A man stands.	entailment
Here is a picture of people waiting for their turn to cross the street on or for the bus to take them to school or work. A man in a green shirt and blue jeans is standing at a crosswalk across from a large building. View of an intersection with city buses and a police car. A group of people stand on a street corner.	Two women and a man standing.	neutral
A young man wearing a red t-shirt, helmet, and protective knee pads is riding his skateboard up a ramp. A skateboarder, wearing a red shirt and sunglasses, is dropping in to a half pipe. A young man is riding a skateboard in a half-pipe while wearing safety gear. A young man wearing a helmet rides a skateboard on a ramp.	A skateboarder skating.	entailment
A woman in a gray shirt stands with her arm on her hip. A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something. A woman in a gray shirt is posing for a camera. The girl in the gray shirt has very dark hair.	A woman hunched over.	neutral
A small, skinny, black child hanging on a piece of wood looking at a white woman. The young boy looks at the woman like she has no idea what he's been through. A little African boy looks curiously at an adult white female. A child and woman exchange glances.	An older lady sits.	neutral
The little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear. A little girl holding on to a toy is running down a lane. A girls walks down the road holding a teddy bear. A little girl in a denim dress runs down a path.	A child runs down a street.	entailment
Three people sitting at a small table smoking cigarettes. Three people sitting down at a small table. Three friends are having coffee. Three friends share a coffee.	A man sits.	neutral
A young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller. A young blond girl sitting on a bench with a red pram alongside her. A young girl sitting by a red stroller on a park bench. A young blond girl sitting down while eating.	A child eating something.	entailment
Inside a vehicle, a blond woman with a single-lens reflex (SLR) camera is gesturing at someone (not visible) behind her seat. A female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat. A picture of a young person who is trying to take a picture herself. A girl taking a picture of another person taking a picture.	A girl making a gesture.	entailment
A man wearing a yellow shirt and carrying coffee walking onto the sidewalk A man in yellow holding a coffee is walking on the sidewalk. Man walking fast with coffee in hand down the sidewalk. A man steps onto a sidewalk.	A man walks past a tree.	neutral
Two adults with a stroller and a child stop in front of a man in a colorful plaid outfit. Salyo the clown prepares to make a balloon animal for little girl in pink jacket. A street vendor is showing his product to a girl. A clown talking to a little girl.	A performer speaks.	entailment
A man is standing at the front of a conference room with people sitting at rows of tables next to a table with a laptop and projector. A man stands beside a projector in a dimly lit conference room while some people who are wearing dress shirts are talking. A man is standing by a table in a banquet room filled with people and tables. A dining room full of people eating and a waiter serving them.	A large group watches a presentation.	entailment
A man and woman work together to inflate a hot air balloon. An old man and old woman are inflating a hot air balloon. A man is working the mechanism to fill a hot air balloon A couple are setting up a couple of lights by a tent.	A man using a contraption.	entailment
A man in an orange safety vest is addressing several other men in a forest. A man dressed in a survival vest is speaking to a group of adult men. A group of men looking over a section of wooded land. A large group of men in the forest.	Men gathered.	entailment
A man with a Mohawk and beard, with his hand on his chin looking off into the distance. A man in a black jacket with a black beard stares pensively. A man sits and rubs his chin. A man in a jacket looks out.	A man thinks.	entailment
A large furry dog walking through the water with a big stick in his mouth. A dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water. The dog retrieves the branch from the water. A dog in water carrying a long stick.	A dog swimming.	entailment
Beautiful young dancer performing dressed in white and silver performs an acrobatic, ballet, hula-hoop, dance routine while four female observers look on. A dancer performs some gymnastics with a hula hoop before a panel of women. A dancer performing with a hula hoop, with judges in the background. A gymnast is performing in front of four judges.	Ballerinas dancing.	entailment
This is a young man getting some airtime on his skateboard. Shirtless male skateboarded doing trick at a skate park. Man attempts skateboard trick in tree-lined skate park. A boy with no shirt is doing a trick on a skateboard.	A skateboarder flying.	entailment
A woman, carrying several multicolored buckets together, is poking boulders at the water's edge. A girl scratches rocks with a stick while holding a red bucket. A Caucasian female exploring rocks while collecting specimens. A woman is crouched, examining rocks at a shoreline.	A blond woman squats.	entailment
A young lady with a fashionable purse and gold bracelet has a puzzled look on her face. A young Asian woman looks somewhat baffled as someone takes her picture. A beautiful young woman is holding her purse. The beautiful lady is confusing.	A woman holds her right hand.	neutral
People are watching a boy on a skateboard at the top of a skate ramp. A group of people watches a boy on a skateboard launch off a ramp. Group of people watching a skateboarder do tricks at a skate park. A group of people stand and look at a kid who jumped.	A man on a skateboard performs a trick.	contradiction
A small boy rides on a playground toy while pointing to a slide. A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground. A boy on a play horse at the park points to the slide. A boy rides a toy horse.	A little boy riding an animal.	contradiction
Four women are sitting against a home while a woman in a white skirt walks away. Women in African garb sit outside while one in Western wear walks past. Several women in brightly patterned skirts sit by a stone wall. Five African women talking.	A woman holding a purse.	neutral
A little boy in a blue hoodie is spinning the handle of a crank operated machine. A cute boy is turning the handle of what looks to be a giant drill statue. A small child wearing a blue jacket playing with a water gadget. Uh oh. Looks like baby threw something in the water	Toddler poses.	neutral
An oriental man in a blue shirt is leaning against a chain. Some men stand near a sign written in English and Chinese. Street vendors talk to each other while others walk by. A man is watching what to get in the shops.	Two men rest.	neutral
A military dog handler works with a German Shepherd. A soldier walking a dog with a satchel in its mouth. A soldier training a German Shepherd for a mission. A soldier taking his German Shepherd for a walk.	A dog has something.	entailment
A defender is trying to block the shot of the opposing team during a water polo match. A group of young Asian men playing water volleyball. Men are playing with a volleyball in a pool. Water polo player jumps high for the block!	Men tossing a ball.	entailment
A man is sipping on a drink while listening to a gentleman talking to him Two men speaking while drinking from coffee mugs. Older work professionals having a business event. Two men are having coffee,.	Men enjoy beverage.	entailment
Some school aged children are eating chocolate cake at a table with a blue tablecloth. A little girl in a Snow White costume is eating chocolate cake. Three children wait at a table for a cake to be sliced. A group of children in costumes eating cake.	Woman cutting a piece of food.	neutral
A man in a blue and fuchsia sweater holds his hands as if to catch something while standing in a crowd of people. A man raises his hands from within a crowd of people. A man in a crowd extends his hands emphatically A man in a crowd raises his arms pleadingly.	A man expressing his opinion.	neutral
A young boy is walking towards a seagull on the shoreline of a beach. A boy in a swimsuit walking in the sand towards the water A little boy on a beach runs towards the water. A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.	A child chasing a gull.	entailment
A mix of kids and adults sitting by a tree that has different colored flags hanging around it. A bunch of hippies laying on the ground being entertained by something we can't see. A group of people sitting on the side of the road with banners in the background. A group of people resting on the side of the road.	Group looking across a street.	neutral
A dark-haired man wearing a red headscarf poses with a machine gun in front of the entrance to a wax museum, the woman behind the desk looks disinterestedly in the opposite direction. There is a woman sitting at the front desk of a Hollywood Wax Museum with a statue standing next to the desk she is sitting at. Interior of the restaurant chain : Planet Hollywood, various movie memorabilia decorate the space. A man is dressed as a movie character holding a gun in the lobby of a movie theater.	A model stands.	neutral
A cat is watching the movement of a young girl who is playing with a toy airplane. A girl and her cat are curious to see how this airplane is built with Legos. A small child plays with her airplane as a cat looks on. A cat is watching a girl construct a Lego airplane.	A little girl playing with a plane.	entailment
Three women prepare a meal in a kitchen with salmon colored walls and bamboo cabinetry. Three Chinese ladies cooking Chinese food in a restaurant. Three ladies in a kitchen cooking. Three women cooking in a kitchen.	A girl watches a woman.	neutral
A man with a turquoise vest and black pants sits down in front of a brick monument. A person in a turquoise vest is sitting on a stone bench with a few other people. People sitting a circle with a man in a green vest talking on the phone. Someone sitting down and talking on the phone.	A group sits.	entailment
A lady in red gloves on skis has four people behind her. People are crosscountry skiing in a single file line. A group of skiers head up an incline in the snow. A group of people hike in skis.	A hiker walks.	contradiction
A lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite. Someone in a museum explaining something to other people, who are sitting down. A group of young people gathered around a woman in a gallery of artistic vases. An old woman is explaining old artifacts in a museum to a class.	Kids sitting on the floor.	entailment
A woman stands on a circular ledge surrounding a tall tree. A person standing on a platform attached to a tree. A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform. A woman on a tree canopy walk	A man standing.	contradiction
A young man wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt sits in the grass, with a ball in the air. A man in a red shirt is sitting on the grass, and a ball is flying towards him. A man in a pink shirt is sitting in the grass and a ball is in the air. A man sitting in the grass as a ball flies by.	A man lying down.	contradiction
An Asian woman appears to be very happy to have something to eat, but her nice clothes seem to show that she is financially doing well. A lady is smiling while sitting in front of Whole Foods and holding a food item. An Asian woman is sitting in front of a market, holding a Tupperware container. A woman is holding some food outside and smiling.	An elderly woman presenting food.	neutral
A vendor and customer discussing products and pricing at a mall kiosk. Two Asian men working at a booth in an outdoor market. Two men working at a stand selling pictures. Two men at a stand in a market.	Men talking to each other.	entailment
Two women are eating seated on the grass with hiking gear. A woman is getting ready to eat on the side of a road. A woman eating in the grass on a beautiful day. A woman in a blue shirt in the wild.	A woman putting something.	neutral
White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage, sky in background. A white dog is on a large rocky surface at a high elevation. A white dog is walking on top of a mountain. A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside.	Dog standing on a rock.	entailment
A gray bearded Scottish gentleman in red plaid is playing the bagpipes. The man with the white beard is playing a red bagpipe. A man with a beard in the foreground playing bagpipes Several bagpipers in Scottish dress.	Musicians walk.	neutral
A person, wearing a trench coat and hat, is sitting on a bench outside reading a newspaper. A person sitting on an old bench with their back to the camera reading a newspaper. A person who wants to be hidden, reads a newspaper outdoors. A person in a coat reads a newspaper on a bench.	A man sitting on a park bench.	neutral
A black and white dog is playing or fighting with a brown dog in grass. A brown dog runs in a field with a black and white dog. Two dogs are playing in the grass. Two dogs face each other in a field	Dogs barking.	neutral
A man dressed in a light shirt and coveralls attempting to work on a train locomotive. A man in overalls makes adjustments to the front of a steam engine. A man in overall jeans working on an old train. A man in jean overalls looking at a train.	A man sitting.	neutral
A kid in a red sweatshirt is reaching to hand something to a man in a white shirt A young boy empties a bottle over the railing of a balcony unto the man below. A boy in a red jacket pouring water on a man in a white shirt A young man pouring the contents of a bottle.	A man climbing.	contradiction
A large dog is running on the grass with a rope in its mouth. A dog with a rope toy in its mouth runs on the grass. A black and brown dog has rope in its mouth. The dog is running with a rope toy.	A dog jumps.	contradiction
Two men pushing wheelbarrows, two men looking at them, they are in the desert near some block construction buildings. A group of workers in the desert, two with wheelbarrows and two just standing around. Men pushing wheelbarrows in the desert. The men are working in the hot sun.	Men constructing a wall.	neutral
Two women have their arms around each other and are smiling. Two women with their arms around each other smile. Two women smile for the camera. Two girlfriends smiling.	Ladies posing.	entailment
Two men with no shirts are jumping, the one in the foreground is wearing yellow trunks, and the one in the background is wearing blue pants. A man jumps off a spring board and spins in the air with other athletes in the background. Several people look on as gymnasts try to stick their routines. Male gymnast practice and compete outside.	A group practicing gymnastics.	entailment
A man with a tan cowboy hat, red chaps and a leather vest is hanging on a saddle after being buck off by a horse at a rodeo show. A man in a black vest with gray jeans with a red side flag holding onto a horse while two men watches and one man keeps time. A man is hanging on a horse as it jumps around. Cowboy being thrown off bucking horse.	Man trying to stay on a horse.	entailment
A girl in a white cap eats a slice of fruit next to a girl in a blue cap who is eating chocolate. Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside. One young girl eats fruit while another eats chocolate. Two children taking in a snack.	Children sit eating food.	neutral
A man and woman stand next to a table covered in beer glasses and pitchers. A woman smiles for the camera while a man covers his face A couple at a party where the man is covering his face. A couple attending a party.	A woman leaning her head on her hand.	neutral
Several smiling people of varying ages sitting around a table with glasses of beer in front of them. A group of people are sitting at a table which has glasses of beer on it. A group of people at a table with glasses of beer smiling. We drank so much even Uncle Henry was smiling.	Men and women sitting at a table drinking beverage.	entailment
The girl wearing the pink and white shirt and shorts is jumping in the sand. A girls is jumping in the sand. A girl jumping in sand. A girl in a sandy area.	A child jumps.	entailment
A basketball player approaches the net in the air in an attempt to perform a slam dunk over the reach of his opponent. During a basketball game a player is about to dunk while the opposition does what he can to block it. A basketball player jumps to make the basket as an opposing team player jumps to try to block. Two basketball players jump in the air as one is about to make a slam dunk.	Men playing basketball.	entailment
A man in a button down shirt is selling seeds and vegetables. A man is behind a cart trying to sell various food items. A man selling food on the street at nighttime. A man is pushing a food cart on the sidewalk.	A man standing.	entailment
Dressed in high-waisted blue jeans, boots and a blue shirt with a gold "B" on the front is talking on the phone. A man with a uniform is standing and using his cellular phone. A man with a book is leaning on a pole in the sidewalk. This gentleman is talking on the phone.	A man talking on his cellphone on a street.	entailment
A bicyclist performs a stunt on a ramp, going into the air while twisting. A man on a bike rides on the ramp and flips his bike as he comes down. Someone in a helmet doing a jump on a bike over a large mound of dirt. An extreme biker in the air after taking a ramp.	Boys doing tricks.	neutral
A young child swinging outside wearing a yellow tank top. A very happy baby in a yellow shirt swinging on swing. A young child wearing a yellow tank top swinging. A kid wearing a yellow shit sits on a swing.	A child making a face.	neutral
A brunette girl with glasses and a blond girl are talking outside on a field. Two little girls playing in front of soccer goalie gates. Two young girls playing with each other. Two girls are talking on a soccer field.	Child smiling.	neutral
A woman wearing a bathing suit points in a case as another looks on. A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case. Two women are looking into a glass case. Two women looking into a glass case.	Two girls lean around a tree.	contradiction
Five people walking with a multicolored sky in the background. Four people walking through the sunset in clear blue skies. Four people walking with the sun setting behind them. Four silhouettes decorate the horizon's sunset.	A group walking.	entailment
Middle-aged women in short skirts and heels stroll down a sidewalk. Two women in leopard print dresses walk down the street. Two women in spotted dresses walking down a sidewalk. Two women in print dresses are walking together.	A woman carrying a backpack.	neutral
A little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box. A little girl in a green dress with blue dots is carrying a box with a handle. A little girl runs down a summer street with no shoes and a lunchbox. A young girl walks with a lunchbox.	A baby holding a box.	contradiction
A waiter waiting for a bus to take her home after long day without getting enough customers at the restaurant. A woman in a black dress and heels waiting to cross the street. A woman in a short black skirt waits on a street corner. A woman in a black dress waiting to cross the street.	A woman standing.	entailment
Some people in blue shirts are standing up at an even with big letters spelling out the word "KRUNCH". A crowd in stands holding up the letters "K", "R", "U", "N", and "C". A group of fans at an event, holding up large, blue letters. A group of people in blue shirts at a sporting event.	Men holding signs.	neutral
A woman wearing a skimpy bathing suit is walking with a towel in a parking lot. A female walking wearing a string bikini towards a man in a striped shirt. Three big trees and the back side of a girl in bikini. A woman in a skimpy bathing suit walks away.	A woman walks along a street.	neutral
An Asian family prepares meat on skewers at a night market. Two Asian women preparing food while a young man watches. Several people are setting out food to sell. Asian people preparing food on skewers.	A boy standing.	contradiction
Man giving a presentation at the Australian War Memorial on an Apple MacBook. A man in a red shirt speaking from a pulpit with a Mac. Man gives a speech before a conference audience. Man giving a speech possibly at a seminar.	A man talking.	entailment
A man and a woman dancing the man is crouched down and the woman is about to pull the man back up. A man in all black is dancing with a woman in a white outfit in front of a colorful mural. Dancers pose in front of a multicolored, drawn (art) backdrop. Man in suit dancing with woman in white dance suit.	A couple dances.	entailment
Man playing violin in front of people in what seems to be a bar. A man playing the violin in a local business. A violinist playing at a local bar. A man playing a violin in a bar.	An older man plays instrument.	neutral
People gather around the bagpipe player wearing a kilt. A man is wearing a kilt and is carrying bagpipes. A man in a kiln sharing a snack with his kids. A man in a red kilt has a bagpipe.	A boy talks.	neutral
A group of men are re-enacting a battle and have a woman as their prisoner. A group of people are crowded together being sprayed with water. Men dressed in khaki are holding a man by the arms. People are acting the "Passion of Christ".	Men standing in the rain.	neutral
Two people, a man with a blue shirt and a woman in a hoodie, are playing board games and drinking from mason jars. A couple play a board game with friends while drinking apple cider. A couple sits down with friends to play a board game. A couple is playing a board game.	A group gathers.	entailment
Children are listening to a man doing a demonstration in their classroom. A male teacher is instructing his class of young children. Asian school children listen to their teacher talking. A man is teaching a classroom full of young students.	Children sitting at desks.	entailment
A young blond boy and blond girl are drawing pictures on white paper with a box of Crayola crayons while seated at a table. Two toddlers a boy and girl are coloring at the table with their Crayola crayons and some paper. Children coloring and drawing at the table. Children enjoying coloring time.	A child sitting.	entailment
A blond man in an office wearing shorts and a blue button down shirt is reclining in his chair with his feet on the desk and his hands behind his head. A middle-aged casually dressed man props his feet on his desk. A man sits in an office with his feet up on the desk. A man reclining with his feet up on the desk.	A man relaxing.	entailment
A white blond woman is site seeing on a sunny day. Women taking picture of underside of bridge. A woman in a blue jacket taking a picture. An old lady standing holding a camera.	A woman talks on the phone.	contradiction
A young girl wearing a yellow shirt swings on a tree rope. A girl rides a swing while another girl watches. The small girl is swinging on the rope A girl swings on a rope swing.	A child swings while a child watches.	entailment
Two equestrians in and arena in riding uniforms with one leading a beautiful show horse and he other riding. A man dressed in a red coat, white pants, and black boots is sitting on a horse at an amusement park. Two people dressed in red and white wait at the horse track with a horse. People are posing for fans at the horse hurdle jumping games	A woman standing next to a man.	contradiction
A team of five visible construction workers wearing yellow safety helmets and orange vests are at a train station area doing a job. Workers work on a train tunnel that goes form Wembley Park to Stanmore. A group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station. A construction worker is talking on the phone in a train tunnel.	A group waits.	contradiction
A man in a gray camouflage shirt and gray pants sits under the hood of a blue truck. A man performing auto repair in front of a building. A man sits in the under the hood of a blue truck. A Mexican man sits under the hood of his truck.	A man crouches.	contradiction
A woman in black pants crosses a busy sidewalk in front of a gentlemen's club. A man in black slacks leaves the New York Dolls Gentlemen's' Club. Gentlemen leave their club titled "New York Dolls." A man is exiting a gentleman's club.	A man walking.	entailment
A woman with a multicolored shirt and gray pants standing inside of a doorway smoking a cigarette. A person in a multicolored jacket smoking a cigarette inside the driveway of a building. A woman in a colorful jacket smokes inside the doorway of a business on a city street. A girl smoking in an alley.	Woman walking.	contradiction
A woman crouching next to another person in jeans and taking a photograph. A lady kneeling taking a photo with a camera and a man wearing jeans. A woman is kneeling on the ground taking a photograph. A photographer is lining up her camera for a shot.	A lady taking a picture of something.	entailment
A man on a soccer team with red jerseys is trying to keep the ball away from the opposing player in a yellow jersey. Two soccer players on opposing teams, one in a red jersey and one in yellow, pursuing a ball. Two soccer players, one in red and the other in yellow, battle for a soccer ball. A black man runs in front of a white man to block his kick during a soccer game.	Men playing soccer collide.	neutral
The blond girl is watching the boy run barefoot on the ground. A boy runs along a beach while a group of young girls watch. A boy wearing a red shirt is running through the sand. A boy sprints across the sand.	A boy standing.	contradiction
A woman with a ponytail, wearing a brown shirt and blue jean shorts is putting something in the backseat of a car. A woman with long blond hair is reaching into the backseat of her car A woman, with no shoes on, is getting into the backseat of a car. A woman getting ready to enter the backseat of a car.	A woman standing.	neutral
An old woman watches a man look down at some balls on the ground. A woman in a coat watching a man in a jacket kick balls. A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground. A man and old woman is playing a game	A man standing in front of a woman.	neutral
Band students performing at an outdoor concert, with tents and audience in the background. A group of children play music, as directed by an older man. A group of children is performing a concert outside. An orchestra teacher is teaching his kids.	A musician playing at a venue.	entailment
A bunch of kids are climbing on a tree and hamming it up. Eight tan children making faces in a tree Children posing in a tree Children climb a tree.	Children laughing.	entailment
A young woman with elaborately designed hair is playing a game on a Game Boy. A girl with brown, curly hair is using a blue mobile device inside a room. A young girl, with ringlets of curls, plays a game on her blue Game Boy. The woman is happily playing her favorite toy.	A woman smiles.	neutral
A teacher wearing a red and black striped shirt is conducting a class of about 20 playing music. A man in a red and blue shirt conducting an orchestra full of high school students. A man conducts an orchestra as all the other musicians follow his lead. Teenagers play instruments in an orchestra.	A group of kids listening.	neutral
Four people are riding in a bright orange boat wearing life vests and white helmets. Four men wearing life jackets and helmets riding in a bright orange boat. Four people are wearing life jackets on a motorboat on still waters. Four people in red vests on an orange boat.	Some workers sit.	neutral
A bare-chested man in white pants and a beautiful woman, also in white, perform with sticks of fire while standing on stone steps. A man and a woman in white costumes put on a performance with fire. A man and a woman dressed in white are practicing fire dancing. Two fire-dancers with minimal clothing put on a show.	Two performers doing a routine.	entailment
A little girl in a blue dress and white shoes is sitting on her red toy tractor, in a dirt road near a fence. A little girl in a blue dress is sitting on a red you tractor. Little girl in a blue dress riding a red toy tractor. A little girl is sitting on a toy tractor.	A girl posing.	neutral
A man with a blue and yellow bowler hat on is speaking into a headset microphone, while holding a rope. A white male entertainer on the street wearing a black shirt and blue hat with a yellow stripe. A man with a bowler hat and a microphone headset fiddling with green linear objects. A man with a hat and headset holding a green rope.	A man has something.	entailment
Two adolescent girls are seated at a wooden table creating homemade crafts. Two girls, one with brown hair and one with red, make toy cars. Two young girls are building wooden toys at a table. Two preteen girls doing arts and crafts.	Children working on a project.	entailment
A man runs on the football field carrying the ball in front of the ref. A man runs with the football at a professional or collegiate game. The football player runs with the ball across the field. A UW football player runs with the ball.	A footballer making a run with the ball.	entailment
Usa basketball player dribbling to the basket protecting the ball from the opposition. Two basketball teams playing against each other, one team is USA. Kobe Bryant dressed in a USA jersey takes on 2 defenders. Men are playing basketball in front of a large crowd.	Three men playing a game.	entailment
Rock band Def Leppard, pictured counterclockwise include Rick Savage, Vivian Campbell, Joe Elliot, and Phil Collen, looking up to drummer Rick Allen on an elevated stage platform during a concert performance. Several musicians are positioned around the drummer and the staircase on a stage. Five people standing at a modern rock concert rehearsal. A rock band stands on stage facing their drummer.	Men playing instruments.	entailment
A sole violinist singing and playing under the spotlight. A man performing on stage with a violin. A man is playing a violin on a stage. A Man in a gray shirt playing violin.	A singer sings.	contradiction
The person in the blue coat takes a photo of the man and woman with braids. A couple is being photographed by a man in a blue sweater. A couple are blinded by the lights from a camera. A news interview occurring in the winter.	Man standing.	neutral
The red-haired woman has her hand on the door post of the vehicle. A red-haired woman with green eyes is entering a van. A lady with red hair peeking into the back of a car. A red-haired girl poses in back of a car.	A woman smiling.	neutral
The brown and white dog is jumping over a high wire fence. A dog jumps over a wire fence in a dry grassland. A brown dog jumps over a wire fence. A dog jumps over the fence.	A small tan dog jumps.	entailment
Two girls are jumping over another girl, while a smaller girl watches. A group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor. Three people are jumping over a boy lying down on the floor. Four girls in a building playing with each other	Some children dancing.	neutral
A man in a black shirt is removing his work gloves by a red gate at a construction site. Older construction worker enjoying a smoke break while others press on. An old overweight man is smoking near a construction site. Two men are at a construction scene.	A man standing.	entailment
A woman in black clothing runs down the street barefoot next to two people on bicycles and a female runner. Two women are jogging outside while a man and women ride bikes behind them. Two joggers and two bicyclists vie for room on this city street. Two women jogging alongside two bicyclists on a bike bath.	A group of woman walking.	contradiction
An orange extension cord sits on top of a white care under the blue sky. A white car is parked near a house where a woman and child are sitting. A white car is parked next to some houses in a third world country. A white car parked behind a tall and short bush.	A woman looks at the ground.	contradiction
Three men are standing outside on a patio of a restaurant selling some kind of food. Three men working concessions in front of a restaurant. A food cart is operated near an outdoor seating area. Shoppers stop to have pie and coffee at the mall.	A group eating.	entailment
A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle. A woman in a red jacket and another person get their snowboards out on a snow filled parking lot. A woman is wearing sunglasses at a ski resort parking lot. Two young women getting ready to ski.	Woman standing.	entailment
Some people are standing on the fire escape of their building looking over at some black smoke in the distance. People are standing on a fire escape watching black smoke billow in the distance. Three people are standing on a fire escape. People watch a fire from their balcony.	Men watching smoke pour from a nearby building.	entailment
Several marathon contestants run through rain and a rainbow. A group of people running in a marathon while it is raining. A lot of people running through a sprinkler. A rainbow and people running a marathon.	Runners jogging.	entailment
A man dressed in red and white plays a banjo while others look on. A man wearing red is playing a banjo in the street. A man with a red fringed shirt is playing a banjo. A man wearing a red shirt is playing the banjo	A man beating a drum.	contradiction
A small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man. A brown and white dog is playing in a pool with a man. A man and dog are splashing in a swimming pool. A man and a dog are in a pool together.	A man standing.	neutral
Four young men, wearing hats, in their bare feet, sitting by a nearby creek. A group of friends sharing secrets by a pond. People sitting down by a stream of water. A group of friends go camping	Camper sitting.	neutral
A man helps a girl get up on a turquoise surfboard. A little girl learns to surf with an instructor. Two people on a surfboard in the water A young girl riding a surfboard.	A man standing.	entailment
An elderly couple, both wearing white shirts, dancing and a young male sitting at a table. An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down. An elderly couple dancing in a restaurant while their grandson hides his face. A man leaning on his chair while an old couple dances next to him.	A guy sleeps.	contradiction
Man in olive shirt chiseling away at large stone in a workshop. An artist enthusiastically works on a sculpture. A man chiseling a large piece of rock. A man in a tan shirt sculpting stone.	A man sits.	neutral
A man zips through the water while holding on to a rope, splashing the water all around him. A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction! A man in shorts is waterskiing. A man is skiing in water.	A man is wave boarding.	entailment
A large group of men in Scottish outfits are playing bagpipes. Bagpipers in traditional Scottish garb march down a street. Scottish bagpipe players are performing on the streets. Scottish men in formal attire play the bagpipes.	A group walks down a path.	contradiction
Against a panoramic backdrop from a mountain overview a woman is photographed wearing a biking helmet and sunglasses. A woman wearing a cycling helmet, sunglasses, and a red jacket is standing arms outstretched over a valley. A woman, wearing a bicycle helmet, stands, arms outstretched with a mountain valley behind her. A woman is standing on a cliff with a beautiful landscape behind her.	A woman gives a thumbs up.	neutral
A person sitting on tan bench and man in green shirt standing on black and gray floor. Top-down view of a man sitting on a bench inside with a standing man facing him. A man is sitting on a bench facing another man who is standing. This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.	Another man walks.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt and jeans, breakdancing in a city street with a crowd watching. Street dancing on plastic while a large group of youth stand about and watch. A man is breakdancing and he has spectators. A man breakdancing for a crowd of people	A crowd gathered.	entailment
The two men are playing chess in the park. A young boy and a playing chess outside. Two males are staring at a chessboard. Chess games between a group of men.	Men standing.	neutral
Blond male sculptor working on an abstract art sculpture in studio. Old man with white hair and white t-shirt looking at a sculpture. A man in his studio is looking at his sculpture in progress. The man with glasses is looking at a sculpture.	A man standing.	entailment
Dancers practice dance positions with each other, with some using a safety rail for assistance. A group of teenage girls in a ballet class are doing their barre exercises. Several girls in ballet outfits posing at a balance bar. Women in a studio doing ballet.	Students practicing moves.	entailment
Left to right : a girl in an orange coat, a young boy with a camera and red coat, and a woman with a scarf. Two little kids are trying out their new cameras which probably were given by the women in black. Two women and a child in an art gallery, the child is taking a photograph. A young boy taking a picture through the glass and two females chatting.	A group standing around a table.	neutral
A lady is wearing jeans and a cardboard costume designed to look like the cartoon character Wall-E Two women wearing unusual outfits standing among others who are more normally dressed. Two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character Wall-E. A girl is dressed up as Wall-E the robot.	Children standing.	contradiction
A young boy with flour on his nose and cheeks is dressed in overalls and an apron has his hands in a bowl while he smiles for the camera. A young boy with flower on his face mixes dough in a striped shirt, overalls and an apron. A young child working in the kitchen has powder all over his face. Little boy with flour on his face.	A child standing.	neutral
With the dam in the distance, the boy piggy backed onto the man in the black jacket holding a frisbee. A young boy is on the back of another person whom is wearing a hat. A child gets a piggyback ride near the oceanside. Mother and son having fun on the beach.	Children walking.	contradiction
Many women and males seem to be holding signs and having some sort of protest, one male in checkered shorts and a girl in a tank top are holding up signs, while another female holds a megaphone. A group of people from all different ethnic backgrounds, have come together in protest. Young people gather together, relaxing, talking and holding signs. A mob has gathered in protest; one woman carries a sign in Hebrew.	A group stands.	entailment
Two young boys are headed toward a bicycle parked next to a brick house. Two little boys walk towards a bike in front of a yellow wall. Two boys in long sleeves were walking by a brick wall. Two children are in front of a brick structure.	A boy standing.	neutral
A man in a black shirt holding an empty glass and wearing a watch on his left wrist sits next to a man with glasses who is wearing a green shirt with a logo on the front. Two men converse with each other in a furnished room. Two men speak in a club with green curtains. Two men sitting on chairs and talking.	Men drinking.	entailment
Two girls are walking along the street and talking. Two women walking down the street Two women walk down the street. Two women walk down a street.	Women walking in front of a door.	neutral
A woman, wearing a blue dress that reveals her abdomen, is holding a sledgehammer in the forest. A brunette woman in a blue satin costume holds a sledgehammer in the middle of the woods. A lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods. Lone woman in blue dress holding an ax in the peaceful forest.	A woman standing.	entailment
A young man playing an electric guitar while sitting on the sidewalk. A guitarist plays for money on the street corner while sitting. A man in a red shirt and black vest is playing the guitar. A man playing music for money.	A man strumming an instrument.	entailment
A group of young adolescents in yellow shirts play with colored food. Students are taking part in a food day at their school. Youngsters are being served green eggs and ham. A group of people are painting eggs.	Children working on a project.	entailment
A man in jean overalls and a red shirt is making giant bubbles for the passersby. A man in overalls is blowing giant bubbles in a crowd at a park. A person in blue overalls makes a very large bubble. A man blows a giant bubble for a crowd of people.	A man stands.	entailment
Children dressed in Halloween costumes are enjoying a performance. Trick or treaters are sitting on the side of a porch. Several kinds and adults sit on a porch at night Four little kids in cute outfits sitting down.	Children watching an event.	entailment
A man in a purple shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is pulling a funny face. A man in a purple shirt looking at a man in a black shirt making a silly face. Man making kissing face for the camera, while another man looks on. A man watching another man do a kissing pose	Men sit.	neutral
Blond child with large black coat, multicolored scarf, and knit hat standing in front of a window. A younger boy is wearing a striped scarf and stocking cap. A child standing outside in a matching cap and scarf. Young boy is dressed for cold weather.	Child has a sad look on his face.	neutral
A group of teenage girls, dressed in their red school uniforms, holding their bookbags and walking down a busy street. Four girls in red uniforms consisting of red sweaters and red skirts are walking down the street. Four girls wearing red uniforms are walking down the street. Group of schoolgirls walk home from class.	Girls walking on a sidewalk.	entailment
Several people are at a street corner by a building with curved windows; a man with a green shirt, a dark-haired woman, and an embracing couple. A man wearing a green shirt and carrying a shopping bag is reading the newspaper on a city corner while a woman looks on. Some people are standing at a busy intersection waiting to cross the street. A girl in a skirt hugging a boy.	Customers standing.	neutral
A golden retriever is coming out of the water carrying a stick in its mouth. A big tan dog running through the shallow water with a stick in his mouth. A tan dog is running through shallow water with a stick in its mouth. A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.	A dog walking.	neutral
Two younger women, one holding a small blond girl on her lap, watch as an elderly woman plays Chinese checkers against an opponent in a blue shirt whose back is to the camera. Four adults of different ages sit around a table playing Chinese Checkers while a young child sits on the lap of one of the ladies. Four females and a male play Chinese checkers in someone's home. Four people and a child playing some kind of game	A group playing a board game.	entailment
A lady playing a cello wearing a gold skirt with a green tuba player in front of her. A woman plays the tuba and another plays the cello on the street. Two women walk through the streets playing a tuba and a cello. An Irish Band plays down a road somewhere.	Another woman holding an instrument.	entailment
A boy in jeans, black t-shirt, and blue cap on a bike, leaps over steps. This man has balanced his bicycle on a handrail. A teenager performs a railgrind on his bicycle. Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike.	An Asian man rides his bike.	neutral
A woman and her son walk down a long, leaf-strewn path, while two people ride their horses in the opposite direction. Woman and child walking on a path covered in leaves, while two people on horses come towards them. A mother and her son walk down a scenic path while two men on horseback approach them. Two people on horseback approach a woman and small child walking on a trail.	A woman walks on a leaf-lined sidewalk.	contradiction
A little girl in blue is smiling whilst playing on a rope swing. A girl in blue hanging on to a vine in a forest. A young girl in shorts is swinging on a vine. Young girl hanging on a vine.	A child swinging.	entailment
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection. Bicyclists are standing at an intersection. Bicyclists waiting at an intersection. People waiting at a light on bikes.	Bikers stop.	entailment
A man dressed up in costume as a soldier getting prepared for battle. A re-enactment actor in a white shirt brandishing two flintlocks. A man dressed in a frontier uniform is holding a rifle. A man dressed as a soldier carrying guns.	A man with a hat walking.	neutral
A girl wearing a dress holds on to both rails of the climbing frame. A young girl hanging from a jungle gym. Girl in dress hanging on orange rails A girl playing on a playground	A blond child climbing.	entailment
People either going to or leaving some kind of event. Five people in a race are walking next to each other. A group of people in orange walking in an event. People walking in a race on a cold day.	Two women walk.	neutral
Two girls dressed in blue with a crowd in the background. Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping. Two laughing girls sit together and one of them claps. Two girls laughing within a crowd.	Children standing in a crowd.	entailment
A baby boy is sitting on a beige chair next to a stuffed SpongeBob SquarePants. A baby is sitting in a chair with a stuffed SpongeBob SquarePants toy. Baby sitting in chair with stuffed SpongeBob doll. A child sitting with a stuffed toy on a couch	A toddler sitting.	entailment
A group of Asian women in sports attire, and one woman in the center is wearing a baseball cap. Four teenagers in dark clothes looking in various directions. There are several Asian people, one wearing a baseball cap. Two girls laugh while other girls look on.	A group of women standing together.	neutral
A woman with long hair and a black shirt washes the dishes. A Hispanic woman is washing her dishes with a sponge. A woman washes dishes in her kitchen. A lady in black washing dishes.	A woman standing.	entailment
Two people look at two red motorcycles in a place where there are religious murals on the wall. Two people dressed in leather are standing beside their motorcycles. Two men getting ready to take a motorcycle ride. Two motorcycles and their riders.	Men park their bikes.	entailment
A woman is using her cellphone while a group of people with guitars stands behind her. A woman and man playing guitar while a brown-haired woman speaks on the phone. A woman in a hat plays the guitar next to a woman talking on the phone. A woman on a phone standing next to a group of musicians.	A girl plays an instrument.	contradiction
Two women wearing colorful skirts and t-shirts are dancing in a dirt clearing in the center of a circle of other women, who are clapping. Two African women wearing purple and lime green skirts are dancing in within a circle of clapping women in similar ensembles. Black women in bright skirts and tops are dancing. A group of village women gathered in dance	Spectators watching women.	neutral
A bride throwing her bouquet up in the air behind her, towards a group of ladies. A new bride dressed in white throws a bouquet to waiting females behind her. A bride throws her flowers over her head to a waiting crowd. A bride tossing her bouquet to a group of women.	A partner standing.	entailment
Man in wheelchair is assisted in boarding the subway by a services employee. A subway employee is helping a man in a wheelchair onto the subway. Worker loading handicapped man in wheelchair onto a train. A man is loaded on to a train in a wheelchair.	A man pushing a cart.	neutral
An old man strokes his beard while a woman rubs her eyes. A man and a woman beneath a shade tree saying a prayer. Two people, a man and a woman, are sitting outside. A man is shocked as he looks at something.	A couple laid on the ground.	contradiction
In pool surrounded by plants, one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl. The girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water. A girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool. One girl throws water on another in a pool.	A girl dumps water on another girl.	entailment
A middle-aged man in a camouflage sweatshirt falls to his knees and holds out his hat. A homeless man is kneeling in the street and begging for money. A man wearing camouflage is down on all fours. A man in camouflage kneels on the floor.	A man bending over.	entailment
A blond little boy smiling inside a car and wearing an Elmo shirt. A blond child with blue eyes and an Elmo shirt sitting in a car. A happy child with an Elmo shirt in the back of a car. Little boy with bright blue eyes smiling.	A baby posing for a picture.	neutral
As photographers, onlookers, and referee observe, two men in fighting gloves and headgear are shown in stop motion photography mid fight and in midair. Two men are wrestling and are in midair, while the referee and spectators observe. Two men wresting on a mat in front of a crowd and an officiator. Two men wrestling.	Men engaged in a wrestling match.	entailment
A man wearing a yellow jacket meets with a woman by the street to have a conversation. A woman in a striped shirt looking at a man in a yellow and blue coat. A man in a yellow and blue track jacket asking a woman for help. A man in a striped shirt is looking down at something.	A man talking.	entailment
A Christian man in a vest that states "Repent of Sin Turn to Christ" is holding a sign in a busy crowd in a boardwalk that states "Jesus saves from Hell." A man holds up a religious sign in a large crowd of pedestrians. A man is standing in a crowd holding up a sign. A religious protester holding a sign.	A black man holds signs on a city street.	neutral
A football game amongst young boys, one team has maroon uniforms and you see about five of them, and other team has white and blue uniforms and you see only one of them, crowd of watchers sitting on sidelines in the background. A group of young boys playing football in full pads and uniforms. Junior High football players line up for the next play. The essence of nothingness.	Kids getting ready.	entailment
A group of people are standing in front of a long table and chairs that have laptops set up on them. People are sitting and standing at the back of a large room filled with screens and lights set-up. A group works in the background of a stadium at a small theater. People setting up the stage for a how	Some Asians gather.	neutral
A black dog carries a bird in its mouth as it jumps over a fence. The black dog is jumping over a fence with a bird in its mouth. A black dog jumping a wire fence with a dead bird in his mouth. A dog trying to jump a wire fence with something in his mouth.	A dog holding an animal in its mouth.	entailment
Young gymnast holding onto a horizontal poll, with someone else holding her left arm. A gymnast from Georgia trains on the unparalleled bars with her coach or trainer. A female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills. Female gymnast and coach training on the uneven bars.	A child training.	entailment
A man wearing tan pants and blue shirt is sitting on a sidewalk resting. A man in blue shirt falling asleep by a bike in front of red bricks. A gray-haired man is sitting outside talking on the phone. Older man in blue shirt rest on a bench.	Man leaning on a wall.	contradiction
A Philadelphia Phillie pitcher on the pitchers mound with his left leg up behind him. A baseball is recoiling from an action taken on a treated field watched by others. A baseball player on a playing field springs into action. A baseball player standing on the mound.	A baseball player has just thrown the ball.	entailment
Two people sit on a well kept stone path that overlooks a large body of water. Couple sitting on chairs by a stone wall overlooking the ocean. Two adults sitting in chairs overlooking the ocean A couple sit on a patio overlooking the ocean.	A couple enjoying the view.	entailment
Female musician pauses her guitar playing to enjoy a moment during a performance. Woman expressively playing an electric guitar in front of a microphone. A female performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone. A female musician with guitar is singing.	A singer holding an instrument.	entailment
People on a sidewalk looking into shop windows while other people just keep walking. Several people are window shopping from the sidewalk. An old street with some people window-shopping. People on a city street window shopping.	Shoppers walk.	entailment
A boy wearing full riding gear is riding his bike down a paved road. A child wearing a bicycle helmet and uniform is riding a bike Boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon. A cyclist riding a bicycle on a road.	A man rides on a street.	entailment
The small, golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike An adult golden retriever and a puppy are playing tug-of-war with a brown toy. A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric. An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.	A dog tries to get a stuffed animal.	neutral
Four people canoe down a river in an old canoe that sits low in the water. Four men paddling down a tree lined river. Four men are riding on a boat in murky water. Three men on a dirty river.	A group sits.	entailment
A girl in a blue shirt playing her electric guitar on stage. A woman is standing on stage playing the guitar. A girl playing an electric guitar. A woman is playing a guitar.	A performer singing.	neutral
Outdoor area crowded with Jeeps packed with people, seen from behind. A large group of people all driving Jeeps down a two lane path. Many people are in a line of traffic and all are in Jeeps. Many villages in Jeeps fill a rural roadway.	A bunch of people sit.	neutral
A man who is wearing only shorts and shoes is standing on rocks with the water below him. A man is standing by rocks and water and is holding a stick. The man is standing by a creek in blue flannel shorts. A boy stands on a rock in a creek, holding a stick.	A man looking into a stream.	neutral
Two girls sitting in brown chairs with beverages on the table. Two women sitting at a kitchen breakfast bar. Two women in a chair, sitting at a counter. Two girls hang out in a kitchen.	Woman turning her head.	neutral
A man interacting with his daughter at a shopping center. A Chinese family are shopping in the mall together. Asian families taking a break from life. Two kids with adults at a table.	A little girl holding up two fingers on her right hand.	neutral
A Vietnamese man driving a tractor through a dirt ravine while a woman rides on the back. A man and a woman on a tractor the man is driving while the woman rides in the back. Two people ride in vehicle between mud huts, with rice paddies in the background. Southeast Asian couple riding on a tractor through a beach landscape.	Women hauling baskets.	contradiction
A lady attired in an apron stands over a kettle, preparing food, while patrons sit, chat, and dine in the background. Woman with white apron cooks food, large group of people sitting at tables behind her. A Hispanic woman is using an outdoors wok to cook. An Asian woman is cooking in an outdoor kitchen.	A man sitting.	neutral
A small girl, wearing a pink top and jeans, stands on a field, with others in the background. A small white-skinned girl in a pink top and jeans stands on a soccer field. A young girl in blue jeans and a red shirt is in the green grass. Girl in pink top dancing in a field.	A child smiles.	neutral
Two Asian women walking in front of a green door Two women walking down the street Two women walk down the street. Two women walk down a street.	Two girls talking.	neutral
A smiling woman in a white, yellow, and orange Adidas jackets speaks into reporters' microphones. A group of four in raincoats being stop by larger group of people who are asking them questions. An Asian athlete in a bright jacket is questioned by numerous reporters wearing rain jackets. An Asian woman takes questions from reporters.	A man interviews a man.	contradiction
This is an all male drum and bagpipe band enjoying their music on a paved area in front of a blue tent. Men in Scottish garb walk down the street, three playing drums and another playing the bagpipes. Five people in tartan kilts play drums and a bagpipe in what appears to be a parade. A street band of males playing drums.	Men stand.	contradiction
A man clad in a green, blue, and white shirt and black shirts, bearing the number 225 on his shirt, jogs along a path lined with grasses and greenery. This man is fit and well toned running enthusiast. A man is running with a Perrier sponsored shirt. A very fit man runs in a race.	A runner running.	entailment
A guy midair on a bike in a grassy area with a blue tent in the background as well as a semi cloudy blue sky. A man is midair performing a trick on his bike against a cloudy blue sky. A man is performing tricks with his superbike. A bike rider is doing performance tricks.	Man jumping.	neutral
Boat rowing along a tranquil river flowing through reeds. A group of boaters boating down a winding waterway. A small boat being rowed down a river. Three birds flying across a lake	Seagulls fly.	neutral
Women in the fields working in a farm planting rice seeds. Six women in muddy water trying to find food. Six women are standing in a rice paddy. Workers standing in a rice paddy.	A group converses with another.	neutral
Wearing a long-sleeved white shirt, gray pants, and sandals, a man stands next to a makeshift wood cooking hut, complete with smoke filled cylinder. A man dressed in a gray, short-sleeved shirt and dark colored pants is waiting on food, as smoke rises from a drum. There is a man standing outside a shack with some sort of a primitive looking grill that's smoking. A man starting a small fire in what appears to be a cooking pot or stove.	A man stands in front of a structure.	entailment
A strong woman in a blue shirt is lifting weights with a machine. A woman with tattoos on both arms, working out. Lady in blue exercising in a gym. Tattooed woman lifting weights.	A woman sitting on a bench.	neutral
A father is carrying his son on his shoulders as the son makes a funny face. A yawning little boy in a red shirt sits on a large man's shoulders. A small child is yawning while hoisted on the back of a man. A young boy riding on the shoulders of a man outdoors.	A parent with his son walking.	neutral
A blond woman in an apron with cherries on it is spinning a pot on a potter's wheel. A woman in a white T-shirt and red pepper apron working at a potters wheel. A woman is making pottery using her potter's wheel. A woman is forming clay on a pottery well.	A woman kneels on the floor.	contradiction
Zooey Deschanel walks towards a microphone carrying a tambourine. Two people, a man and a woman, are on a stage at a band. Two musicians on stage in front of a microphone stand. The band prepares for the next song.	A man with a guitar stands.	neutral
A woman in a fedora with a striped knapsack is walking in front of a brick wall, crosses, and an arch. A woman wearing a red skirt is walking beside a stone wall. An old lady with a red skirt and hat is walking in the sun. A traveler is walking down a road.	A woman stands.	contradiction
A male snowboarder in an orange sweatshirt is doing a trick on a table at the mountain. A male snowboarder wearing orange and blue standing atop a blue table at a ski resort. A man in an orange jacket performing snowboarding tricks at a ski resort. A man is snowboarding over a snow-covered table.	A snowboarder slides.	entailment
A woman with a chain around her neck leans before a small girl playing a game of Jenga while others watch on. Man in straight jacket trying to get loose, standing in front of child with Jenga blocks. Person escapes straitjacket and chains while a child looks on. Man escaping a straitjacket while many people watch.	Group gathered.	entailment
A lady sitting in a dark room with a little light, that has a variety of fruit in different sizes of square baskets. A fruit vendor rests while awaiting customers. A man is sitting outside next to fruit. A fruit vendor sits alone in the dark.	A street vendor waiting for customers.	neutral
A man in a camouflage tank top standing next to a man in a gray t-shirt with a fountain in the background. Two men standing in front of a huge fountain with several background people. Two men are posing for a photograph in front of a fountain in a city. Two men are standing in front of a fountain smiling.	Men sit.	contradiction
A young girl in a swimming pool is coming up for air after being underwater. A girl is about to emerge from a swimming pool. A girl holds her breath underwater in a pool. A girl underwater in a pool.	A child swimming under the water.	entailment
Two guys stand outside of a building that has been spray painted with words. Two young men in jeans and dark jackets standing in front of a building. Two young men in black jackets hanging out by a graffitied wall Two men stand near a wall that has writing painted on it.	Two men drink beer.	contradiction
Climbers dressed in warm clothing are at the base of a small mountain. Four hikers dressed in black and yellow attempt a massive mountain. Hikers walk along some tough terrain. People hiking at the mountain	Men with backpacks walk.	neutral
A blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street, a concrete wall in the background. A blond-haired girl wears a tank-top that says "Thank You" and sports a large tattoo. The woman in the tank top has a tattoo on her arm. Girl in black t-shirt looks on	A woman stands near a wall.	neutral
Two men, one with a broom and another with a shovel are clearing garbage from the street. Two workers in blue shirts and black boot cleaning a bunch of garbage off of a street. Two men with blue shirts on cleaning debris off of a road. Workers clean trash off the street.	Men sweeping.	entailment
A girl with a white backpack is standing and smaller children are sitting in a row on the ground. A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house. Many children and some parents are waiting near a decorated castle. A lady stands on the street, surrounded by school children.	Children gathered.	entailment
A white dog is walking through the leafy grass while a brown dog is about to bite it. A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass Two little dogs run through the leaves. A brown dog chasing a white dog.	Brown dog playing with a stick.	neutral
There are three men wearing dress clothes and standing around. Three males in collared shirts and ties celebrating. Three well dressed guys enjoying a social event. Three young men dancing at a party and drinking.	Men holding a bottle.	neutral
Two women are eating at a table with a white tablecloth. Two women sitting at a table and eating oranges. Two girls at a restaurant are eating. Two women in a restaurant	Two women pose for a picture.	neutral
An Asian toddler has fallen asleep on her mother's shoulder. A child sleeps while being held by her mother. A young mother carrying her sleeping daughter. A baby girl is asleep on someone's shoulder.	An Asian woman holding a woman.	contradiction
A crowd of people are clapping their hands at a concert and some are wearing blue wristbands. A band performs on stage while the crowd raises their hands and clap. A group of young people are watching a band perform. A crowd claps at a Buzzcock's concert.	A group cheering.	entailment
A white dog with brown ears runs on the green grass with an orange dog toy. A dog runs through the grass with its tongue hanging out. A dog carries an orange toy in its mouth. A dog running with his tongue out.	Dog with collar walks.	contradiction
A man with gray hair and a bear sits in a chair on the street with a guitar by his side. An old man sits outside with his guitar, watching an younger generation pass by. An elderly man sitting outside on a chair with a guitar next to him. A man sits in a chair watching people stroll by.	Man playing instrument on a street.	contradiction
Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation. Two police officers in bright yellow uniforms are standing and talking to one another. Two police officers in yellow jackets stand on a city street. Two English police officers talking and laughing.	Policemen talking.	entailment
The man in black tries to amuse the lady in white by picking his nose. The man in the white belt and sunglasses is holding the girl's hand. A man is making his girlfriend laugh by playing with his nose. A man laughing outside wearing sunglasses.	Man talking.	neutral
A drum furiously hammers out notes on his instruments as he plays on stage. A bearded man wearing glasses and a jersey is drumming at a trap set. A drummer in a black sleeveless shirt playing on his drum set. Sweaty drummer in a Celtics jersey playing the drums.	A musician takes stage.	entailment
A young girl in a pink and yellow bathing suit jumps from a diving board into a pool. A little girl is jumping off the diving board into a pool. A girl jumps off of a diving board into a pool. A girl jumping from a diving board into a pool	A child jumping into a swimming pool.	entailment
A snowboarder is silhouetted against the sun as they leave the ground. A person snowboarding in the late afternoon sun. The snowboarder jumps off a snow covered hill. A snowboarder jumps off the snow.	A snowboarder flew.	entailment
Black man wearing an orange sign, sitting on a stool on a sidewalk next to McDonald's. A man on the street is wearing a sign that reads "OURO". Person wearing a sign on the sidewalk that says 'OURO'. A man sits outside with a sign on his back	A man advertising.	entailment
A man is laying on the ground next to a bull and another man is running towards him. One man runs towards a bull while another man lies dirt to the same bull's side. A man runs toward another man who has fallen during a rodeo competition. Two men trying to man handle a bull by rope.	A clown runs.	neutral
A man wearing a blue ball cap is walking past the Eden Farm store at night. Eden Farm Groceries offers free delivery. A man walking in front of a store. A store is open at nighttime.	Someone walks.	entailment
A brown dog is chasing a tattered soccer ball across a low cut field. A brown dog chases a tattered ball around the yard. The tan dog is chasing a ball. Tan dog chasing a ball.	Dog playing with a white ball.	entailment
Two musicians in white suits play guitars while surrounded by associated gear and a red curtain. Two men in white suits are playing electric guitars. Two bandmates in white play guitar. Two men in white play guitars.	Men playing instruments together.	entailment
Three men and two women walk down an outdoor hallway past a man sitting on a step reading a newspaper. An old man is sitting on a stoop while people walk towards him with groceries. An old man is reading the paper despite crushing feelings of loneliness. A group of people walks home carrying plastic shopping bags.	A family coming back from shopping.	neutral
Two women walking beside each other on a street passing a man on the sidewalk beside them going the opposite direction. An image of a pole casting the shadow of a woman. People walk in front of some graffiti. People walking past graffiti.	A group walking down a city street.	entailment
Several fans are watching a hockey game, while one takes a picture with a telephoto lens, and two players cheer their team on. A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet. A photographer, at a hockey game is taking a pictures of the action at the moment. A photographer is taking pictures from rinkside of a hockey game	Spectators sit.	entailment
A group of martial arts students wearing black uniforms practicing hand to hand. A group of men are watching two men perform in a grass field in a neighborhood. Two men take part in a karate demonstration while a crowd looks on. Two men are instructing others in martial arts.	Men stand.	entailment
Two men are working on the treads of a large piece of equipment. Two workers wearing orange vests are working on treads. Two men in safety vests work on a project outdoors. Two men working on a tractor wearing hard hats.	Two construction workers doing their job.	entailment
Teenagers in matching shirts stand at the side of the road holding trash bags. Youth's picking up trash along the side of the street. School kids doing volunteer work. He is walking with a trash bag.	A group of boys walking.	neutral
A person is standing in a green field in front of several colorful hot air balloons. A man is in a large field pulling on a string that is attached to a hot air balloon. A man is pulling a string that is connected to a red hot air balloon. Hot air balloons are deflating in a grassy field.	Man holds a line.	entailment
A man in black with long hair playing a guitar with stickers on it. A long-haired musician, playing his guitar in a performance. A man in a black shirt plays a black-colored guitar. A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar.	An artist performs on stage.	neutral
After playing with her other toys, the baby decides that the guitar seems fun to play with as well. A little girl sitting on the floor holding a guitar handles. Toddler sits on carpet in living room touching guitar. A baby sitting on a rug reaching for a guitar.	A child playing with an instrument.	entailment
A bull rider in a red shirt, black vest, and jeans rides a brown and white bull while onlookers watch from behind a green fence. A man riding a huge Hereford bucking bull in a rodeo while people in the background are watching. A bull rider, in full padding and wearing a helmet, rides a large brown and white bull. A man rides a bull in a rodeo.	Cowboys lean on a fence.	neutral
A trio of young men sing with microphones. Three young men singing with microphones. Three men are singing karaoke in a bar. Three men singing with two microphones.	A group of men singing together.	entailment
A man in green shorts is jumping to catch a frisbee as another man and woman run towards him. An ultimate player pancakes a disc with a female and male in the foreground. A man jumps to catch a frisbee, while a man and a woman run towards him. Three people are outside, one man is catching a Frisbee.	Two man playing frisbee.	entailment
Three men and a woman posing on and around a large tree with many branches. Four people are sitting or standing around a tree talking. A group of people are congregating by a tree. Four people sitting in branches on a tree.	Men relax.	neutral
Person in a black hat, jacket, pants and shoes sitting on concrete curb against a brick background. A girl wearing an hat and holding an iPod sits on the side of a building. A single woman wearing a black hat and leather jacket listening to music Person listening to mp3 player sitting on curb.	A man sits.	contradiction
The old couple is walking past a colorful outdoor cafe. An older couple walks arm in arm past some shops. Two old people strolling the street. A couple walking down a street.	An older man holds the hand of an older woman.	entailment
A man wearing a hat is cooking up a variety of meats on a grill. A man in a cowboy hat prepares hotdogs on the street. Two men are barbecuing various hotdogs and sausages. Two men grilling sausage as bystanders look on.	Men talking.	neutral
A lady wearing a purple dress appears to be Amish, she is hooking up a carriage to a brown and white spotted horse. An Amish lady is preparing a Clydesdale horse to hook up to a carriage. An Amish woman in purple is attached a buggy to a horse. An Amish woman is preparing a horse to pull her buggy.	An animal pulling something.	neutral
Man wearing hat and t-shirt with "Genetic Freak" sleeping on public transportation. Three people, one wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap, are seated on a bus. A man with a black shirt that says "Genetic Freak" is sleeping on a bus. A large man dozes off on the bus.	A heavy man sitting.	entailment
Lot of pigeons roaming on the street enjoying the sun. There are a bunch of pigeons walking on the ground. A flock of pigeons parades across an empty square. Pigeons scouring for food on sidewalk	A group walks.	contradiction
A smiling man in a business jacket is in a hurry to somewhere as three people in sunglasses are behind him. These three men are jogging the same direction down a city street wearing sunglasses. A group of males dressed in conservative clothing walking down a sidewalk. Men dressed in black suits are happily jogging on the sidewalk.	Men rushing.	entailment
Two young men siting on a wooden couch are talking to one another. Two men are sitting on a couch, conversing with one another. Two Indian men have a conversation Two men are sitting on a couch.	Men with black hair talking.	entailment
Two young attractive women with shorts cross a street of a busy city. Two sexy ladies are crossing the street. Two girls are crossing the street. A very crowded city street.	Women holding their purses.	entailment
A young football player at practice, getting notes from his coach. A football coach guiding one of his players on what he should do. A football coach is speaking to a young football player. A young football player watches a game with his coach.	The players stand.	neutral
An older woman in nice clothing, and a young man in blue sweatpants and a windbreaker stand outside of a Hoyt Reality Group building. An older woman standing in front of an insurance company speaking to a younger man. A woman and a young man are enjoying each others company outside a realty store. A woman in a brown jacket laughing at something a friend is saying to her.	A man conversing outdoors.	entailment
A young woman wears a costume of black hair, blue dress, and gold jewelry. A woman dressed like Jasmine from the Disney movie "Aladdin" looks down. A woman wearing a costume is standing on a street. A woman in blue is looking down and holding paper.	A woman smiling.	neutral
A night scene of a skateboarder on a ramp, with onlookers. These skateboarders are attempting stunts at night. One man is skateboarding in front of a crowd. A skateboarder at night on a ramp.	A skater jumping.	neutral
The gauges of a small flying vessel, with another plane and three people in the background. A man sits in a glider cockpit on the landing strip. Airplane controller is outside white airplane. The dashboard of a small plane.	Men standing.	contradiction
An adult female and a girl sitting together in a brown chair with their feet up on an ottoman. The woman and little girl are sitting in the brown leather chair. A woman and a child sitting in a brown leather chair. A woman and a child relax in a brown leather chair.	Mother sitting on couch.	contradiction
A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course. A bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp. A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp. A biker does a trick on a ramp.	A man jumps high in the air.	contradiction
A man riding a blue bicycle on a main road stops at a stoplight. A man on a bicycle sits at a stoplight with headphones on. A bald man in a tank top riding bike through a city. Man with sunglasses and headphones riding a bike.	A man listening.	entailment
A black singer with short, spiked hair plays guitar and sings, while a bassist plays behind him. Two people are together and one of them is using a microphone. Two young singers performing and playing the guitar. Two people singing and playing guitars.	A woman singing into a mic.	contradiction
Children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other's backs, forming a train. A classroom of young students forms a human chain by holding onto one another's shoulders. Many young boys and girls in a classroom leaning on each other in a line and smiling. A group of children with hands on each other shoulders forming a line and smiling	Children playing a game.	entailment
The small, golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike An adult golden retriever and a puppy are playing tug-of-war with a brown toy. A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric. An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.	A dog standing.	neutral
A young boy prepares to field a baseball with people in the background. A small child is preparing to catch a baseball with her glove. A child stands ready with a baseball mitt. Young child begins his baseball career.	A child waiting.	entailment
Little boy in a red shirt and tan pants standing on a step stool in a shower. A young boy wearing a red shirt, standing on top of a bench in the shower. A young boy in a red shirt stands on a stool in a bathtub. A child stands in a shower with clothes on.	A child holding a toy.	neutral
Two construction workers are enjoying work in the shade as the city goes about its business in the background. Two men in orange and yellow suits are outside of a storage facility carrying a large wooden object. Two men wearing reflective clothing working in a tunnel. Two construction workers are talking with one another.	Workmen standing.	entailment
A woman with blond hair is sitting in a room or hallway with her luggage. A girl sits against a white wall with her belongings beside her. A female in blue jeans sitting with luggage against a wall A woman sits against a wall in a fancy building.	A woman rests.	entailment
A woman with brown hair, wearing a black sweater, black glasses, and dark pants is crossing a street pass three children while holding a lavender bag with white embroidery. A woman carrying a red purse crosses a street next to several children. A black sweater lady carrying a purple bag on the street. Brunette woman with glasses crosses the street.	Woman walks.	entailment
Two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water. A lady gazes at a fountain while a man walks by. Two people enjoying a water fountain display. A person is looking at water jets.	Child and man standing.	contradiction
Three small children in white shirts are playing by a rock. Three young children squat around a large rock. Three children sitting around a rock. Three little kids playing outside.	Children gathered.	entailment
A man with long hair is bending down to get something, as a woman and child, both in baseball caps, sit on the ground and watch. A man is bent over examining something while two ladies in beige hats are watching. A man and children setting up a stand to sell jewelery. A group of people with jewelry for sale.	A man looks at items.	entailment
A child wearing blue shorts, white shirt, soccer socks and shin guards, holds a pink ball over her head as she gets ready to throw it. A child in white shirt, blue shorts, and shin guards throws a pink soccer ball. A girl in a white shirt and blue shorts throws a pink soccer ball. A child runs with a bright pink ball in a field near a street.	A football player stands.	contradiction
A blond horse and a blond girl in a black sweatshirt are staring at a fire in a barrel. A man, and girl and two horses are near a contained fire. A girl holding a horse's lead behind a fire. Two people and two horses watching a fire.	A girl stands.	neutral
A group of women are sitting and knitting together in a cafe. A group of women are sitting near each other and knitting. Women are sitting in a cafe knitting. A group of women knitting in a store.	A group meeting.	neutral
A worker fills a glass with beer for the lady. Man serving beer from tap as woman stands by. A man is standing in front of a cart. A man pours a beer at a restaurant.	A man preparing food in a restaurant.	contradiction
A man talking on a cellphone passes by a billboard stating, "Never Sleep Again." A man on a cellphone walking past four signs that all say "NEVER SLEEP AGAIN" A man using a cellphone is walking past a sign. Businessman walking and talking on phone.	A man passes a brick building.	neutral
A man with glasses sits on a milk crate in front of a green door playing the accordion. A man sitting on a crate playing the accordion in front of an old building. A bald man with a beard plays the accordion in front of green doors A man on a milk crate plays the accordion.	A musician playing an instrument.	entailment
Two men, both wearing collared shirts, hats, and jeans, are riding horses and trying to catch a bull. Two cowboys attempt to lasso a calf while riding full speed on horses. Two cowboys attempting to lasso a cow in a rodeo. Two men on horses chasing an animal at a rodeo.	Men on horseback.	entailment
A man and woman stand on the sidewalk of a busy street. People are walking through a crowded street. A man and a woman walking down a city street A man and a woman walk along the sidewalk.	A couple walking.	entailment
Several people in a choir are singing and being led by a director. A chorus singing Christmas tunes in front of an audience. Choir sings at the front of a church. A choir singing in a church.	Musicians performing in a church.	entailment
A duck is in water surrounded by cans, containers and other garbage. A duck and several plastic containers floating in water. Someone who doesn't care about the earth was here. Two mallards are swimming in a polluted river.	A bird swims.	entailment
An African group of men, women, and babies pose in a field with large hills in the background. A large group of Africans are having their picture taken in a clearing in a jungle. An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background. A group of men, women and children are standing around.	A family posing.	entailment
A man is sitting on a banister on a pier holding a bunch of colorful balloons, while more balloons tied to the banister behind him blow in the wind. An older gentleman sitting on a rail next to a body of water with balloons around him. A man is sitting by open water with two bundles of balloons nearby. A man sitting on a rail with balloons.	A man enjoying the day.	neutral
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel. Two people sit on a bench at a park. Two adults sit on a bench. Two people on a bench.	Guys sit.	neutral
A young lady wearing a dark blue shirt and shorts that have a scroll-like black and white pattern shares her excitement with several friends while a crowd of people are gathered in the background. There is a woman in a denim mini skirt laughing among a large crowd of people gathered together. A group of girls including one in a blue shirt with her back towards the camera are laughing. Some ladies dancing to an outdoor concert.	A group having a good time.	entailment
A man with a mustache and wearing a hat is holding a black guitar. A man in a white shirt playing a black and white guitar. A man in a baseball cap playing a black acoustic guitar. A man in a white shirt and hat playing a guitar.	A man playing a green instrument.	contradiction
Woman in blue workout attire and helmet rides through dirt path A woman is riding down a dirt trail on her bike. Man riding a bike down a dirt hill. A woman biking downhill.	A woman bicycling.	entailment
Local artist enjoying what he's doing performing for people. A black man in a yellow shirt, plays a guitar on a stage. A musician performs live on stage. A man holding a guitar sings.	A man playing instrument at a show.	entailment
An Asian man with a blue shirt and brown pants rides a motorcycle. A man in a blue shirt riding a motorcycle in Japan. A young man in blue short rides a motorcycle. An Asian man riding a motorcycle.	A man sits.	entailment
A girl is outside a house with a pink hula hoop spinning around her upper leg. A young girl stands barefoot on a driveway and uses a hula-hoop. A girl poses on a shady driveway. A girl stands in a driveway.	Child playing with a hula hoop.	entailment
A man in black is leaning on a telephone booth, near boxes of beer bottles, trash bags, a red car, and a woman in blue. On a street corner, a man stands near a pile of trash sorted for recycling. A man leans against a telephone booth next to piles and bags of trash. A homeless person setting up his belongings on the street corner.	A man using a phone on street.	neutral
A girl with dark hair is swimming underwater. A dark-haired person swims under green water. Girl swimming in a lake underwater. Someone is swimming underwater.	A woman swims.	contradiction
Officials in black suits observe a karate competition between men, who are dressed in white with red and blue colored gloves identifying their teams. Two separate karate matches are happening between two sets of people while being officiated by men in suits. Two Spanish men in white karate garb sparring in a competition. Man in white kicking another man in white.	Judges watching.	entailment
In a crowd of young people at a bar, a man stands displaying the rock and roll sign. A man is making a "rock" gesture while standing on a stool in a crowded bar. A single man in a black t-shirt standing above the crowd at a busy bar. People enjoying drinks in a crowded bar.	Group of people gather in a bar.	entailment
A middle-aged man wearing a baseball cap turned backwards, a black shirt, and blue shorts who is driving a boat which has a wooden steering wheel with the British flag flown in the background. A man in a backwards baseball cap, black shirt and blue shorts behind the steering wheel of a boat with a flag behind him. An older gentleman poses at the helm of a boat. A man is navigating a boat.	A man stands.	entailment
A man wearing a helmet is jumping his bike down a staircase. A man on a mountain bike jumping down a set of stairs. Professional bicyclist hopping off outside stairs. A man is midair on a bike over some stairs.	A boy riding a bike.	entailment
A small child wades through the water while being guided by another person. A young boy wearing a colorful bathing suit splashing in the ocean A young child splashing in water. A little boy stands in the surf.	A child laughs.	neutral
A young girl in a blue sweater holding a baby in a white shirt outside. A teenager girl holds a toddler with a pacifier. Girl in blue jacket holding a baby in overalls. A young girl holding a toddler.	A child holding a child.	entailment
A group of people working on stills next to a large building while being watched. Some men are working on a scaffolding at the front of a building. Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building. People are sitting on scaffolding on a large, white building.	Individuals sitting.	entailment
Two people gathered at a doorway; One appears to be a health professional from her smock top and the other a young girl, wearing eyeglasses, perhaps seven or eight years old, that has some type of apparatus in her front that may be aiding her health. A heavyset girl in a striped dress with glasses is holding hands with someone while she is receiving some sort of medical treatment. A girl in a striped dress is holding a nurse's hand. Girl in striped dress holding woman's hand.	A child walks through a doorway.	neutral
A female athlete is ready for the volleyball coming toward her as other volleyball players look on. A woman in a pink shirt and knee pads is playing volleyball. A young girl volleyball player "bumping" the volleyball. A female hitting a volleyball with two hands.	Players standing.	entailment
Four girls standing together in the street posing for a picture. A group of girls posing for a picture in the street. Four young girls posing for a picture. Four friends in a street.	Children embracing.	neutral
A photographer snaps a photo of a woman wearing a blue dress as she leaps into shallow water on a beach with rocky cliffs in the background. A woman wearing a strapless blue dress jumps in the air at a beach while being filmed. She runs across the shore as the photographer captures her agility. Woman getting photographed as she runs along the beach.	An artist takes a picture.	entailment
Three women wearing belly dancing costumes are pictured in color while the background of the shot is in black and white. Three women dressed in black skirts and bra-tops appear to be starting or finishing a dance routine. Three females in belly dancing outfits raise their arms at conclusion of an activity. A group of three belly dancers is taking a bow.	Three performers posing.	entailment
A man with rolled-up blue jeans stares off into the distance watching the sun rise. A man walking barefoot looks on over a cliff as the sun is just above the horizon. A man with no shoes on is watching the sunset over a town. There is a pretty sunset over the mountains.	A man stands.	contradiction
A little boy wearing a brown t-shirt is sucking on a pacifier with his hand in the air. A little boy has a pacifier in his mouth and throwing up a sign with his hand. A baby with a pacifier saying I love you in sign language. A small child is giving heavy metal signs	A child standing up.	neutral
Two young boys touching glass where they can see a seal swimming by. Two boys are touching the glass of an aquarium with a seal inside. Two children touch the glass of a large tank containing a seal. Two children reaching out toward a swimming seal.	Boys watch an animal.	entailment
Indian vendor stops to rest with cart in busy market. A man is working in a street side jewelry shop. A man is standing beside his stand waiting. Indian shop vendor working during the day.	A man standing next to a machine.	neutral
There is a group of people, mostly women, admiring something in the distance. People look out the window from the top of the empire state building. People looking out window and one boy holding onto viewer. A group of people look off of an observation deck.	A group standing.	entailment
A skateboarder doing a trick in front of a ramp with three people in the background. A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard in a park. A skateboarder is doing a trick on the pavement. A kid doing an ollie in a skate park.	A man performing a jump on a skateboard.	entailment
Two people wearing winter jackets in the railway station are about to get into train. The train is sitting at the train station with not too many passengers around. Two people stand in front of a brick train station waiting for a train. A train sitting at a station.	Men standing.	neutral
A downhill skier races down the snowy hillside as the sun shines above in a clear sky. A skier is skiing alone in fresh powder on a sunny day. A lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky. A skier on a slope.	A skier traveling.	entailment
Skiers are walking through the snow near the mountains. The skiers are in front of the lodge. Two people ski in the mountains. Some skiers at a resort.	Skiers moving.	entailment
A black dog runs down a snowy hill with his legs deep in the snow. A dog up to its belly in the snow attempts to move. The dog runs in the deep snow. A dog shoulder-deep in snow.	A black and brown dog walking.	neutral
A young man, wearing a green t-shirt, sitting at a round table, writing with a blue cap ink pen. A young adult with red hair wearing a green shirt is doing work at a table. Young adult in a green shirt with red hair writing on a piece of paper. A student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook.	A man doing his homework.	neutral
The two women are looking at mountains at a fence. Two people take in the view from behind a fence. A man and a woman looking over a railing. Two people look at a view.	Women standing.	entailment
Seven people sitting around a black table playing a card game. A gathering of people sit around a table and play cards. A group of people at dining table playing a card game. Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Men and women playing a game.	neutral
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy. A dark colored animal splashes in the water. A dog fetching a stick in the water. The dog is swimming in the water.	Someone splashing.	contradiction
Two people leaning over a fence looking at the water. Two men look thoughtfully off the side of a bridge. Two people enjoying a sunny day on the pier. Two individuals are looking down the bridge.	Men standing on a ledge.	neutral
Band playing in a dark room, with the center member singing and playing a red guitar; keyboardist behind him to the left with another guitar player on the right. A blond-haired boy wearing a black polo playing a guitar and singing into a microphone with a band. A middle-aged man in a black t-shirt singing in a microphone and playing a red guitar One of three band members sings while the others continue to play.	Sailors playing instruments.	neutral
A crowd of hundreds of people are all fixed on something off in the distance. A mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction. There is a crowd of people standing in a the midst of the city. Large ground of men and women listening to something.	A crowd watching.	entailment
A woman has an assortment of beads on her bed in front of an open window. A woman in a red top dropping Mardi Gras beads from her bedroom window. A woman in a red shirt is hanging her arm out of a window. A woman is throwing bead necklaces out the window.	Two women standing in a room.	contradiction
A group of cheerleaders working and planning some of their routines. Cheerleaders in red uniforms are practicing in the grass. Team in red practices cheerleading on grass. A team of people in red in a park.	A group meeting.	entailment
A man in a green shirt is bowling and trying to knock down two pins. A man is trying to hit two pins bowling in a dark bowling alley. A bowler throwing a ball down the lane trying to hit two pins. Young boy wearing red shorts, tossing a bowling ball.	A man standing on one foot.	neutral
A few people waiting around at a train stop Three people stand on the sidewalk. Five people standing on a sidewalk Five people on a sidewalk.	Girls wait.	neutral
A person in a specialized suit rides a motorcycle. Motorcyclist performing while two men watch. A guy doing tricks on a motorcycle. A motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.	A rider driving their motorbike.	entailment
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees. Two women walking down a dirt road with a man far behind. Two young women walk along a dirt road. Two women walking on an outdoor trail.	Girls walking down a street.	contradiction
A woman is using clothespins to hang up laundry outside on a laundry line. A young woman wearing white clothing is pinning clothes on a clothesline. Women in white, with white bonnet, clothespins fabric on a clothesline. A young woman wearing a headscarf is hanging laundry on a clothesline.	An Amish lady hangs up clothes to dry.	neutral
An older woman and a young child look off into the distance while riding a Merry-go-Round. A mother and her daughter on a carousel looking at something off to the side. A young child in a green shirt is on a carousel. A young girl and a woman ride a carousel.	A child sitting.	entailment
A man, leaning against a concrete wall with his arms resting on top, looks over a balcony. A man with a white mustache stands on a balcony looking at the road below. A man with gray hair and a plaid shirt looks out over a balcony. Man leaning on ledge of a balcony.	A man facing a street.	entailment
Three women talking, holding glasses of wine, with paintings in the background. Three women at an art gallery, two of the women holding wineglasses. Three women are smiling with paintings behind them. The ladies are talking.	Women laughing.	entailment
A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail. A cyclist is performing a jump near to a railing and a brick wall. The boy is doing a stunt through the air, on a bicycle. A man jumps his bicycle in a public park.	A teen boy does tricks.	neutral
A man makes a weird face while holding a large glass of amber liquid up to his mouth. A man with an angry expression is drinking a large glass of beer. A bald man in a white shirt drinks a glass of beer. A man drinking a beer with an intense stare.	A man looks at beverage.	entailment
An Indian man is in a hospital getting help from a nurse while a woman watches. A female nurse attends to a man's I.V. in a hospital room. A nurse tending to a patient in a hospital. An Indian man being treated by a nurse.	A woman taking care of a patient.	entailment
The black dog leaps into the air in the grass. A muzzled greyhound leaps over grassy ground. A dog in a grassy park jumping and playing. A dog with a muzzle on.	A black dog running across a field.	entailment
Man in all black with buzzed black hair and black earring stands with his right knee up and right hand on his knee and belts out into a microphone. A male singer dressed in all black with black glove with his foot on a prop. A man in a black coat and black pants is speaking into a microphone. Singer gets caught up on a high note and fractures a vocal cord.	A musician singing.	entailment
A heavyset man running a Pro-Saw concrete saw with a piece of white construction equipment in the background. A construction worker uses a piece of electric machinery. Construction worker cutting concrete with a pro-saw. A man is using a pro-saw to fix the street.	A man doing work.	entailment
Two people wearing yellow jackets crosscountry skiing. Two skiers are sliding down a trail in the woods. Two men are skiing in the snow in a wooded area. Skiers walking up the hill through a forest.	Skiers making their way through woods.	entailment
A woman wearing a floral red skirt and black tank top looks towards the sun near midday. A woman in a red skirt with flowers is walking down the street. A woman with a colorful skirt walking along a path. A woman wearing a colorful dress is walking.	A girl looking at something.	contradiction
While playing soccer girl in red striped shirt runs into girl in white shirt. A small girl is blocking a much larger girl in a red and white uniform. Six people playing sports outside in the daytime. Six people and young girls soccer practice.	Children standing in a field.	entailment
A woman and his son trying to using a loom to weave a garment for export in India. A woman setting at a loom with a child making cloth. A mother and a son working with a cloth machine A woman shows a child a loom.	Woman creating fabric.	entailment
Five men in team uniforms, on horses playing polo with a white fence and trees in the background. Five male polo players in action during a game on a polo field on a sunny day. Five men in blue shirts are playing a lively game of polo. A game of men's Polo mid game on a warm sunny day.	Group riding animals.	entailment
The boy in black is skateboarding in the air in front of the flowers and a white and blue sign. A boy jumps high above his skateboard near a sign. Boy jumping skateboard beside sign and pink flowers He is skateboarding.	A boy doing a skateboarding trick.	entailment
Children are listening to a man doing a demonstration in their classroom. A male teacher is instructing his class of young children. Asian school children listen to their teacher talking. A man is teaching a classroom full of young students.	Children sitting.	neutral
A young girl in a pick shirt swinging up in the air on a swing set A girl wearing pink swings on a swing. The little girl played on the swing. The girl is on a swing.	A child swinging high.	neutral
Two men are riding a couple of horses, chasing a white animal. Two men on horses compete to see who can rope the calf first. The two men are riding horses to chase a white horse. Two men chase cattle on horses.	Two men lasso a cow.	contradiction
A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head. An old woman entertains a small child by placing things on her head. The child is watching the elderly women put something on her head. A lady with gray hair is entertaining a child.	A lady sitting.	neutral
People watching other people across the street who are in trouble. A couple of people on a motorbike that is filled with drinks. Some men are standing by the side of the highway. Two people are riding one motorcycle.	Riders driving.	entailment
The woman in the purple shirt and gray pants is taking the black dog and a child with an orange shirt and a girl with a gray shirt out for a walk. A grandmother and two of her grandchildren taking the dog for a walk in the woods. Three people walk through the woods with their small black dog. A woman walks a black dog down a dirt path with two children.	A dog walking on a road in a forest.	entailment
A brown dog is in a grassy field twisting itself around to see underneath itself. Two dogs play with each other in the grass. Two big brow dogs who look alike wrestle. Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.	Gray dogs fight.	contradiction
Five people are talking in the night with lit up buildings and people in the background. People talk among themselves near a crowd of people. A large gathering of people in a city area. A group of men speak to a smiling woman.	Men standing.	neutral
A little boy splashes into the small pool at the end of a yellow slip n 'slide. A young boy splashes in a yellow wading poll while mom watches A young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube A young boy slides down a yellow water slide.	A child plays with a toy.	entailment
Onlookers behind a fence watch and someone rushes to help as a white and brown speckled bull thrashes around and the rider falls to the ground. Around twelve people are gathered at a rodeo watching two men try to catch that has just knocked one of the men inside over. Man has fallen off of a large white bull into a muddy pin. A rider is in the process of falling off their bull.	A man fell.	entailment
A guitarist with a black shirt on stage playing guitar and singing A man playing a guitar on stage under red light. Guy getting really into his guitar solo. A man wearing shorts playing a guitar.	A musician playing instrument.	entailment
Two hikers carrying backpacks are standing in front of a path patiently looking over at something and waiting patiently. There are two young people with backpacks on and then are standing next to a hiking trail. Two hikers stopping to rest in the shade on a bright sunny day. Two hikers standing at a trail head.	Men hiking up a trail.	contradiction
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area. A man is jumping over a barrel on a skateboard A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel. A man in black performs on a skateboard.	A man doing some sort of trick.	entailment
A ballerina wearing a costume mouse head stands on her toes, with the city as the backdrop. A ballet dancer with a rat mask dances outdoors at sunset. Ballerina performing as a girl rat in an open park. Ballerina dances with a mouse helmet on.	A woman standing.	entailment
Getting things ready for the crowd at the Spanish food restaurant in NY. A man selling food from his Mexican food from his van. Man in a baseball cap working at a Mexican restaurant. The market man prepares the meat for sale.	Man standing behind a counter.	entailment
Four birds are chasing another bird which has a piece of food in its mouth A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow. Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread. Several birds flying in front of trees.	A flock of animals fly.	entailment
A participant in a sporting event has landed on his head while holding the ball on a field of grass. A person doing a face plant while the other watches on a clear, lush field of green grass. A male athlete tackles his head into the ground to protect the ball in play. Uniformed athletes dive onto a grassy playing field.	A rugby player got the ball.	neutral
A man dressed in a white shirt and black vest is playing an electric guitar. A man with a tattoo on his right arm is playing a guitar on stage at a bar. A man playing a guitar on stage, wearing a black suit. A man playing the guitar at a club.	A man sings.	neutral
A young boy wearing a long-sleeve gray shirt with blue stripes is working on something electrical with batteries. A boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around. A young boy is working with a model that has batteries attached. A child is interacting with an electronics laboratory kit.	Children learning.	entailment
As the dog swims close, the duck flies away. A white dog in a river is chasing a duck A white dog is swimming after a duck. A dog chasing a duck in a pond.	A bird flies.	entailment
The football players are wearing red and white, and the crowd is also wearing red and white. The football player in red is running with the all towards the player in white. A red team and a white team are playing football. Football players avoiding a fumble.	A group of men plays a game.	neutral
Two soccer players, one wearing white and the other green, are playing soccer and being filmed by a cameraman in the background. Soccer player putting on moves that you thought could only happen in a video game. Two soccer player are head to head trying to compete for the ball. Soccer players playing against each other.	Teams competing against each other.	entailment
A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth. The girl is swimming with only her head above the water. The girl with brown hair swam in the water. A girl blows a bubble in the water.	A child sits in the water.	contradiction
Four young women around a kitchen counter with a plate of brownies in the foreground. Four ladies at kitchen counter getting food together for a party. Four women stand in a kitchen behind a plate of brownies. Four girls in a kitchen near a plate of brownies.	A group sitting.	neutral
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors. A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him. One young man flying on his skateboard above a flight of stone stairs while another young man videotapes him. A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.	A man performing a jump.	entailment
Wearing a long-sleeved white shirt, gray pants, and sandals, a man stands next to a makeshift wood cooking hut, complete with smoke filled cylinder. A man dressed in a gray, short-sleeved shirt and dark colored pants is waiting on food, as smoke rises from a drum. A man stands in front of a shabby structure while smoke billows out of a wooden burner and obscures the man's face. There is a man standing outside a shack with some sort of a primitive looking grill that's smoking.	A man starting a fire.	entailment
Three people with backs to camera walk across a beach towards a line of palm trees Three beach goers leave the beach on a sunny day. Three people are walking on a beach. Three boys walk on the beach.	Two men walk.	contradiction
Three women in yellow polo shirts are sitting and smiling at a round wooden table with three purses and a water bottle on it. Three women wearing yellow shirts are smiling at the camera. Three women in yellow shirts sit at a table. Three ladies posing for the camera	Three women taking a break.	entailment
A group of men standing in an sporting goods store. Four guys inside of a bicycle shop. Some people are in a bicycle shop. A few people stand in a bike shop.	Men surrounded by bicycle frames.	entailment
An official in a white shirt riding a black and white motorcycle. An older gentleman riding a motorcycle. A policeman is riding a motorcycle. A policeman sits on his motorcycle	An older man riding a bike.	entailment
A person with long auburn hair and a cat tattoo is playing a red electric guitar A person with long blond hair is playing a red electric guitar. A long-haired person is playing an electric guitar. Dirty blond man with tattoos is playing a guitar.	A musician playing his instrument.	entailment
A boy in jeans is sitting on rocks while an older woman in a red top holding a straw hat stands behind him on the rocks which is next to a lake. A boy ties his shoe while a woman carrying straw hats looks on atop a rock in front of a body of water. A boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset. People standing on rocks by a river.	Son sitting.	neutral
A man in a red shirt grabbing a top hat while standing on a rope with six other people looking on. A crowd of onlookers watch as a man performs a stunt involving a hat and some rope. A man is balancing on a rope in public with silver boots. Man sitting on a wire while crowd on the street looks.	A man reaching out.	entailment
A woman in traditional dress and hat is sitting sideways on a horse. This woman is horseback riding on a sunny afternoon. A person in a blue outfit is riding a gray horse. A man sits upon a gray horse with a sombrero on.	A woman riding a white animal.	neutral
A man in white and black is offering a dance to a middle-aged Hispanic woman in a flowing yellow skirt. Lady in a pretty bright yellow dress is being asked to dance, while children look on. A man bows to a woman in a yellow skirt on the street while others look on. A man and a woman are dancing while a crowd looks on.	Another couple dancing.	neutral
A woman in a black top and gray pants ices a batch of cupcakes at a concession stand at an outdoor event, with a crowd passing by. A woman on a kiosk decorating cup cakes while bystanders attentively observe the technique. Street side concession stand worker icing cupcakes for customers. Blond woman icing cupcakes at a cupcake sales table.	A street vendor selling foods.	entailment
A man with a red hat and a pen behind his ear looks like he is about to say something. A man with pierced ears has a pen sticking out from under his red hat. A man in a red hat looking at something with his eyes really big. A man with a cap and a shocked expression.	A man wearing a cap backwards.	neutral
Two girls in black dresses are standing next to each other in front of brown trees. Two Asian girls with long bangs covering their eyes Two Asian women dressed in black. Two girls in black dresses.	Two girls pose for a picture.	entailment
A group of individuals attend a park where they practice their martial arts. A shirtless got in blue pants is being chased by a girl in a black shirt. These people are exercising using the Oriental Ti Chi. A group of children appear to be playing outside.	Shirtless man stands.	neutral
An Asian man standing next to a door points to something. Someone on a laptop looks at someone standing by a door. A man in a white shirt has his index finger raised. Two men are having a discussion in a classroom.	A man sitting at a computer.	contradiction
A little girl in a purple coat stares at the fish at the market. A young girl examines the fish selection at the grocery store. A child in a shopping cart is looking down at a fish counter. A little black girl is in a grocery carriage looking at fish.	A lady waits.	neutral
An older looking woman is taking notes in a lecture hall at a university, with younger looking students in the background. A left handed woman is writing something down in pen in a portfolio. A middle-aged woman is taking notes in a class at an auditorium. An older lady is writing notes in a notebook at a convention.	An elderly woman sitting.	neutral
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth. Two dogs running through the water with a stick. Two dogs playing with a stick in the water. Two dogs playing in the water with a stick	A black dog chases a dog.	neutral
Four warmly dressed small children play in a snowy forested area while one holds onto a wagon. Three toddlers are warmly dressed and playing in the snow in a forest. Three little children playing with themselves in a snowy scenery. Three small children playing outdoors in the snow.	Children walking through the woods.	neutral
A bearded man wearing a turban, face paint, blue and green top, baggy orange pants and a red and white striped apron is dancing on a rocky street with a young woman wearing a turban, purple top, gray and black striped pants and red apron with black polka dots and ruffles as a couple watch behind them while other people are ignoring them. The man in the striped apron is dancing with the woman in the polka dotted apron. A woman in an apron is dancing with a man in a turban in front of a small crowd. A man and woman are dancing while spectators watch.	Performers dance.	entailment
Various people sit in a brightly lit field at a festival as a crowd mills about near them. People are sitting in the grass at night during a carnival or fair of some kind. People are in a park at night with bright lights on and watching something. People relax in the grass at nighttime during a carnival.	Groups enjoy a fireworks show.	neutral
A birthday celebration taking place for a girl who has reached age 5. Boy and his family celebrating his birthday with a brightly lit cake. Woman and four little girls, near cake with candles. Smiling children gathered around a birthday cake	Women seated.	neutral
A man in a dark shirt and wearing earmuffs is checking the engine of a red and white race car while another man wearing sunglasses looks on. A man with red earphones is working on a red and white painted hot rod from Team ACE Racing. A man services a red and white hot rod dragster car. A man in a black t-shirt works on a race car.	A man spraying something.	neutral
A small girl is looking at a pink and black ball, in a parking lot. The young girl is playing on white rocks with a small pink ball. The little girl in the green dress is chasing after a pink ball. A small girl chases a pink ball over the gravel driveway.	A child chasing after her soccer ball.	neutral
Four men with a display table set up on top of boulders and rocks displaying stone plates and other sculptures. Four people are sitting outside a white vehicle in front of several items. Four men working at a craft venue with the sand and beach behind them. People surrounded by trinkets set out in a booth fashion.	Some men wait.	entailment
A man in a red shirt examining a camera next to a briefcase filled with sponges. A man in a red shirt with a suitcase of sponges holding an item. A man wearing a Vegas shirt has an open suitcase beside him. A man wearing a red shirt holds a camera.	A man sits a table.	neutral
A black man with a hat and shades frowning with a yellow taxi in the background. A man with a dark blue shirt and hat wears glasses next to a taxi. A man with a blue polo is standing in front of a taxi. A man wearing a cap and jacket passing by a taxi.	A man walks.	entailment
A man in a black outfit is riding a blue snowmobile across the snow. A person riding a snowmobile on large amounts of snow. A man with a helmet is going snowmobiling. A man riding a purple snowmobile	A man drives a vehicle.	entailment
Two girls dressed in blue with a crowd in the background. Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping. Two laughing girls sit together and one of them claps. Two girls laughing within a crowd.	Girls standing in a group.	entailment
A woman wearing a black blazer and several pieces of jewelry talking into a microphone while standing in front of a blue backdrop. A blond woman is singing into a microphone and giving the "okay" symbol with her left hand. A woman using a microphone and wearing a chain necklace and bracelet set, is gesturing. A woman talking into a microphone.	A woman making a sign.	entailment
A woman with a multicolored shirt and gray pants standing inside of a doorway smoking a cigarette. A person in a multicolored jacket smoking a cigarette inside the driveway of a building. A woman in a colorful jacket smokes inside the doorway of a business on a city street. A girl smoking in an alley.	Woman walking on a sidewalk in a city.	contradiction
A drag race car being worked on by three people on a track Three men are examining a red and white race car. Three men standing around a car on a racetrack. Several men standing around an antique race car	Pits crew working on a car.	entailment
Woman in multicolor skirt airborne above a bed with a multicolor bedspread. A girl in colorful clothing is jumping on a bed with a color-block quilt. A young girl in a colorful skirt is in the midst of falling onto a bed. A girl in a colorful skirt and blue shirt pounces onto her bed.	A woman flying through the air.	entailment
A parade with military personnel marching in their uniforms. A group of soldiers march in a parade. A bunch of military men marching. A military unit in a parade.	Soldiers carry flags.	neutral
A person is holding on to a rail while sitting and looking out the window. An older man is sitting on a bus looking out at the scenery. An older man riding a bus while looking out the window. Man on a bus looking out the window.	Man seated.	entailment
A clown is playing in a park with bubbles, while a young child is playing. A clown with a golden wig blows bubbles into the air for a child. A blond woman wearing pink makes bubbles with children. A clown at an outdoor event making bubbles for a child.	A small child watches.	entailment
An old lady in a big black coat holds the hand of a young boy in a blue jacket in the subway. Man with umbrella watching an older woman with child in a parking garage. A grandma holds her grandson's hand at a train stop. A lady and a boy are holding hands.	A child stands.	neutral
Two men on horses chase down a cow on a sunny day. Two men are on horseback trying to rope a cattle. Two men at a rodeo attempting to rope a calf. Two rodeo riders going after a young steer.	Two men ride brown animals.	neutral
Man walking in jeans and a purple shirt carrying a bunch of balloons that are cartoon characters. A person with blue jeans and brown shoes is standing outside underneath balloons. A person holds a bunch of balloons, many of which are of SpongeBob SquarePants. A person is walking with a huge bunch of balloons.	A man selling a variety.	neutral
A crowd of people somewhere in a city where it is dark, there is a child being held by a man in a black shirt and they are standing beside a person holding a poster sign. There is a crowd of people on the busy corner of 18th St. outside Bank of America. Many people standing outside of Bank of America, one unknown person with a sign. A group of people singing at night on a crowded street.	A crowd gathered.	entailment
A Man and woman stand in conversation next to a red telephone booth in front of construction workers and passersby. Two people are standing and waiting for someone to come out of the red phone booth in the city. Two people are talking near a red phone booth while construction workers rest nearby. A red telephone box sits in the middle of a crowded sidewalk.	A woman with long red-hair standing.	neutral
A small group of adult males enjoy a conversation in an architecturally sound building. A group of college students gathering in the community center. People conversing in a casual setting. People standing in a corner.	Men standing.	entailment
A man wearing big, brown, rubber boots is sitting down of a machine with big chains. A young man relaxing his legs on a piece of machinery A man resting his legs on spool of metal cable. A man in boots sitting on a machine	A fisherman sits.	neutral
A dog flies through the air, preparing to catch a ball. The small dog is playing with a large ball on the grass. White dog in midair next to a large yellow ball. A white dog jumping after a flying yellow ball.	A dog meets a soccer ball.	neutral
Two dogs are running through a grassy area near tall trees. Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees. Two dog with trees in the background. Two dogs running in the grass.	Large brown dog running.	neutral
An Asian girl is dressed in a colorful costume and yellow headdress. A woman wearing a colorful costume looks at the camera. A child is in colorful, native clothing. A young woman with colorful clothes on.	A girl posing.	entailment
A woman wearing a green tank top and unusual necklace at a table in a restaurant. A lady in a green sleeveless shirt is sitting in a table with some other people. A candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table. A woman in a green tank top sits at a table.	A woman having a drink.	neutral
Two men do karate - one strikes sideways with his arm, while the other kicks straight out in front of him. Two martial artists fight in front of a group of people. Two men are performing what looks like martial arts. The man on the left dodges his attacker's strike.	Fighters sparring.	entailment
A skateboarding soaring through the air in front of a blue building. A skateboarder is airborne in front of some low brick buildings. A man performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot. A person on a skateboard during a high jump.	A skater flying.	entailment
A line forms outside a mobile sharping truck with various items in hand. A woman with curly hair is smiling at an older couple on the sidewalk. A man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat. Some people gathering by a truck.	A woman standing on a street.	neutral
Six young man and one young woman are sitting and standing around a table at a bowling alley. In this photo there are a group of friends approximately seven at a bowling alley. A bunch of hipsters in the bowling alley appear to be reacting to shocking news. The friends sit at a table in the bowling alley telling stories.	A group hanging out.	entailment
Four women and a bride stand on a street while one of them points at something in the distance. A woman in a white gown stands with other girls dressed up, one points across the street. Old lady with black dress and hat points out something to bride. Five women in dresses, one holding a child, stand outside.	A group standing.	entailment
People converse the day while aboard a floating restaurant. Two women and a man converse while on a boat on a lake. Three people on a boat are laughing and smiling. Three people are staring happily at something.	A group smiling.	entailment
A group of people are sitting together outside of cubicles. A group of people in an office setting sitting in a circle. A group of people sit in a circle for a discussion. A group of adults at an office having a meeting.	A group talks with each other.	entailment
The man in the red shirt and the woman with the white bag are conversing. A man in a red shirt is interacting with a woman holding a shopping bag. A woman is purchasing items from the man in the red shirt's yard sale. A woman in a black shirt is holding a plastic bag.	An older man talking with a woman.	neutral
A ballerina in an empty worn room standing on 1 foot with her arm and other leg in the air The ballerina dancer stands on her toes with outstretched arms. A ballerina is standing on one to with her arms reaching out. A dancer poses in an empty room.	Kid playing on sidewalk.	contradiction
Girl sticks tongue out while hula hooping with two hoops A little girl in brown is playing with two hula-hoops. A girl is hula hooping on a sidewalk in New York. A young girl uses two hula hoops.	Child stands.	entailment
A man is smiling while standing behind a podium. An older gentleman speaking at a podium. A man is speaking at a podium. Man giving speech in a suit.	A man talking.	entailment
The man in the blue pants is doing a trick with his skateboard. A shirtless male is riding a skateboard, performing a trick. A shirtless man in jeans skateboards near a concrete wall. A shirtless man, wearing jeans and riding a skateboard.	A man doing a kick.	contradiction
A man on a ladder reaches above to equipment on the side of a brick building. A man in a blue shirt stands on a tall ladder and inspects wires. A man on a ladder doing work on a business storefront. Person standing at the top of an orange ladder.	A man fixes a light.	neutral
The small white dog is coming out of a blue tunnel. A white dog runs out of a long blue tube outside. A white dog runs through a large blue tube. A white dog coming out of a blue tunnel.	A dog emerges from a tunnel on a course.	entailment
There is a bride and groom with two children, a woman and a man carrying a flag, standing on a stony place. A bride holding a bouquet of flowers is standing next to a man in a tuxedo. A man and woman at their wedding and little children playing. A bride and her groom prepare to say their vows.	A newlywed and partner stand.	entailment
A person in a long, tan trench coat walks along the sidewalk in front of a stone building. A person with a white coat is walking outside a stone building. A solitary pedestrian walks through the downtown area. A woman walking down the street on the sidewalk.	A woman carries a plastic bag.	neutral
Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site. Two men on scaffolding painting the outside of a building. Construction men are climbing wooden supports. Two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.	Men sitting.	contradiction
Two men and a woman are performing on stage in a "Thomas the Tank Engine" play. A group of actors is performing a Thomas the Tank themed play. A scene featuring Thomas the Tank and friends. Stage production of Thomas The Tank Engine.	Men standing by trains.	entailment
A group of men are passing time sitting on the ledges of a building. The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another. A group of men are relaxing on a sidewalk. Several men are sitting on a sidewalk.	Man sitting on the side of a road.	entailment
A serious looking man is working on a very interesting sculpture of gray. A man is working on a complex clay sculpture. A man in a red shirt sculpting clay. A concentrated male sculpting.	An artist sculpting his statue.	entailment
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub. Two little kids are in a bathtub with a yellow and blue umbrella. Two young children under a blue and yellow umbrella. Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.	Kids taking a bath.	entailment
One man kicks another in the shoulder at a martial arts event. Two men in karate uniforms kicking each other. Two men are participating in a karate match. Two men in an oriental fighting contest.	Fighters compete.	entailment
A man in a blue jumpsuit showing the carvings he has made. A man in a blue jumpsuit displays his sculptures. A black man is making wood carvings. A man is showing some mini sculptures	A man sitting.	neutral
A blond woman with a 40s hairstyle and leopard print shirt. A blond woman and a redheaded woman are standing outside. Two women with hair all done up taking a photo. Two women looking off at some distant event.	Two girls waiting.	contradiction
Cheerleaders in maroon skirts and maroon and white sleeveless shirts, cheering on the team. Young girls in brown and white uniforms are shouting and performing an exercise. A group of cheerleaders cheering. Cheerleaders in maroon uniforms.	A group performing in front of an audience.	entailment
A group of people looking at a field of greenery. People are gathering and looking at weeds. A group of people are looking at nature. A tour of an untouched garden.	A group stands.	neutral
A boy in a purple shirt and blue jeans is standing in the grass holding a round toy with a handle. A child in purple clothing is playing with a toy inside a yard with other toys and a fence. A boy plays with a stringless racket in his backyard. A boy holding a racket is standing in the grass.	A boy walks.	neutral
Two firefighters walking back to their firetruck while carrying branches in their hands. Two firefighters are walking towards the firetruck. Two firemen walk towards a firetruck. Two fireman walk next to a firetruck.	Men walking behind a truck.	neutral
A small boy with a blue and yellow backpack and a wool cap is looking at fresh flowers in a store. A young boy wearing a blue winter coat and hat, is looking carefully at flower arrangements. The little boy is observing the arrangements of flowers and lights. A child in a hat and jacket is looking at flowers.	A child sits.	neutral
Jockeys in brightly colored outfits are racing on their horses in the green grass. A horse race with numerous people on the horses in a grassy scene. Six jockeys racing horses on a grass track. Horses and jockeys running in a turf race.	Riders riding animals on a track.	entailment
A group of three students is shown sitting in some sort of lecture hall and they all see bored. Three women in a lecture hall watch a presentation while one women dozes. A tired woman rests her head on her friend's shoulder in an auditorium. A woman is resting her head on another woman's shoulder.	A woman sleeping on a man.	contradiction
The back of three people all wearing red vest that say prevention on them. Three men wearing uniforms are standing on a sidewalk. Three men wearing red prevention vests stand ready. Men in red vests watching street corner.	Men leaning on a rail.	contradiction
A gray-haired man with glasses and wearing a striped shirt shops for fruit An old man is trying to decide what type of fruit to buy today. An older, gray-haired gentleman is shopping for produce. Person wearing stripy shirt buying fruit in a store	A woman standing.	contradiction
Woman holding a sandwich in one hand and a cup in another hand, with her purse hanging on her shoulder. A woman in an apron drinking a coffee drink and eating a cookie. A young brunette woman eating and drinking something. A woman holding a cookie and coffee	A lady carries a bag.	entailment
Young male soldiers in camouflage pants and helmets clean up debris outside a building. Disaster workers in camouflage have been working hard to clean up after the tornado. Two military workers help to clean up rubble. Two men clearing up wreckage.	Man carrying a piece of wood.	entailment
A man wearing a scarf around his head is playing a flute outside. A man with a yellow scarf on his head is playing a blue flute. Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute. A man is playing a musical instrument.	A performer plays an instrument for the audience.	entailment
Girl in tank top and pants swinging on a log swing. A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log. A girl is swinging on a piece of wood. A young girl playing on a log swing.	A child sitting on a swing.	contradiction
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans standing on a scaffold outside a building. A man stands on scaffolding and leans in toward a stone building. A man is standing on a scaffolding doing some work. A man in dirty jeans on top of a scaffolding.	A worker stands repairs a building.	entailment
A man wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop. Guy with blue shirt and jean shorts putting blue paper on a window. A man standing outside of a shop on the street. Guy wearing a cap watching through glass window	Man uses a ladder.	neutral
An army soldier calls in to headquarters using his backpack radio system while sitting beside a tank. A soldier crouches beside a tank with a larger vehicle obscured in the background. A soldier crouches next to his armored vehicle parked under a bridge. A soldier ducks behind a tank for cover.	A soldier kneeling.	entailment
A woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight. A woman wearing a purple shirt is sitting on a bank day dreaming. A young lady takes time to think on a public bench. A woman is sleeping on a park bench.	A woman leaning against a backpack.	neutral
A machine lifting dirt in front of an apartment building. A bulldozer is scooping up soil in a building foundation. A yellow construction machine is digging. A backhoe digs out dirt at dusk.	A man uses construction vehicles.	neutral
A man tends a grill full of cooking chicken parts as another man in a white apron looks on. A man flips barbecue chicken legs while another chef watches. One cook watching another cook grill chicken. A man is watching another man as he cooks.	Cook in a kitchen preparing food.	entailment
People are walking around booths that are selling things. A crowd walks by a hat shop at an outdoor fair. People are shopping at the swap meet. People shopping at an outside market	A group standing in front of a vendor.	neutral
A blond singer is performing as people dance behind her. Blond Singer performs as spectators dance around her. A goofy looking woman is singing on stage. Blond win sunglasses singing.	Woman with blond-hair singing into a microphone.	entailment
A man in a green shirt on a half pipe, doing a skateboard stunt. A man on a skateboard while the crowd watches. A man does a jumping trick on a skateboard. A skateboard is sideways in the air.	A skateboarder jumping.	entailment
A male wearing a green button up shirt is riding a bull at a rodeo. A man is riding a horse while the horse in bucking. A man is riding a bucking horse in an event. A dark-haired main on a bucking bronco.	A man riding an animal in an arena.	entailment
A man in all black holds on to a railing while a white dog wraps itself about his legs. A man dressed in black is standing above a white dog. A man in black stands side by side with a white dog. A man dressed in black with a white dog.	An officer standing guard.	neutral
A young woman with long brown hair looks to the left and wears a blue "Hollister" shirt. A young girl in a blue Hollister shirt walks on the street. A young woman in a blue Hollister shirt and blue jeans. A young teenage woman walking.	A woman walking past a store.	neutral
A black singer with short, spiked hair plays guitar and sings, while a bassist plays behind him. Two people are together and one of them is using a microphone. Two young singers performing and playing the guitar. Two people singing and playing guitars.	A woman singing.	neutral
Woman singing with a microphone next to a person playing guitar. A woman sings in a club with a guitarist behind her. A female performer singing with her band. A band performs in a dimly lit setting.	A guy playing an instrument.	neutral
A girl, a boy, and a woman all stand next to bushes while looking at something. A girl, a boy, and a woman looking in the same direction. A woman and two children are standing by a tree. A family enjoys the outside.	Children stand in front of plants.	entailment
A man in a Puma shirt holds a blond baby in a plaid dress. A man wearing a Puma brand shirt is holding a little girl. A man with short hair and a beard is holding a baby. A man holding a little girl smiling and laughing.	A father holding his daughter.	entailment
Two male swimmers training, with one of them wearing a blue hat, and one of them wearing a red hat. Two swimmers in the water, each in his own lane, gathering a breath mid-stroke. Competitive swimmers coming up for air at the same time, mid-stroke. Two competitive swimmers race each other.	Men swimming in a pool.	entailment
A highly decorated man leads four beautifully clad women in colorful clothing in what appears to be a religious dance in Thailand. Five dancers with their hands above their heads wearing foreign costumes. Performers are doing a traditional dance. Five dancers perform on stage.	Group dancing at a party.	entailment
Two women dressed in ceremonial apparel are standing on the grass looking at bridge that leads to a building with a mountain in the background. Two women are wearing red ethnic costumes, with a Chinese building and a mountain in the background. Two women in kimonos under an overcast sky with a mountain in the distance. This is two women dressed in red costumes standing close together	Women walking.	neutral
A man with blue jeans and glasses stands playing a guitar in a room with two chairs. A man stands with a guitar and music stand in an empty room. A man wearing glasses plays a guitar behind a music stand. A gentleman is playing an acoustic guitar.	A man holding an instrument.	entailment
Two female fighters, one wearing blue and gold and one wearing red are fighting each other in a ring. Two women in a formal boxing ring are engaged in a martial arts contest. Two women in an arena boxing with a man in the background watching them. Two women compete in a kick-boxing match.	Women kickboxing.	entailment
A young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background. A girl in a yellow T-shirt is jumping in a field on a clear day. A teenage girl in yellow and blue jumps in a field. A woman jumping in a field on a sunny day.	A girl jumping up in the air.	entailment
Several twenty-something Caucasian people wearing jackets and sweatshirts are standing outside an orange trailer with a semi-collapsed ceiling. Three smiling people and two others not facing the camera standing outside of a shack at night. Several people sitting in front of an orange contraption, one of them wearing a purple cap. A group of people are standing outside next to a gold colored truck.	A group meeting.	neutral
A man in a green ha is tired from shopping so he sleeps in the train. An older black man in a blue shirt and green hat dozes on the subway. A man with glasses and a green beanie falling asleep on the subway. A man in a green hat is sleeping.	A man rests.	entailment
A young blond-haired child is pretending to brush the teeth of a large green character that is sitting on the bathroom vanity. A small child is interacting with a cartoon figure in a bathroom. A young child is playing with his big toy. A child holding a large toothbrush.	A blond child using a toothbrush.	entailment
A man dressed in traditional Dutch clothing is on a wooden stage with four young children. Four children are mimicking a man dressed in German clothes. An instructor is teaching kids to do something. A man in a costume entertains four kids.	A child stands on a floor.	entailment
A man in a red and white striped shirt runs a hotdog stand across the street from a pizza parlor. There isn't a lot of action just a guy at a hotdog stand on normal day. A businessman selling hotdogs. A hotdog vendor looks sad.	A man sits.	neutral
People are watching from the sidelines of an inner city foot race. Runners race by while a crowd of onlookers watch. A group of people are running through a city. Runners jogging along in the city.	Spectators watch.	entailment
Two Asian girls are performing a traditional dance while dressed in matching costumes. Two small girls dressed in red and white outfits are performing a dance. Two Asian girls are performing in costumes. Two girls perform a Chinese dance.	Children learn dances.	entailment
Am upset young boy is sitting on a skateboard, on some stairs, and is holding a phone. A boy in a gray striped shirt sitting on stairs with a skateboard. A boy is sitting on an escalator holding a phone. Boy sits on his skateboard on the elevators.	Man holding a cellphone.	contradiction
A crowd of people hanging out near a fence with barb wire. Group of people standing and sitting under overpass. Crowd of people sitting and standing under a bridge. Many people gather outside a busy freeway.	A group waiting.	neutral
A man leaning on the side of a building is playing the accordion. An aged man stands against a wall playing an accordion. A mustachioed man plays the accordion on the street. A man plays an accordion outdoors.	A mustached man plays an instrument.	entailment
Young man shows his tongue piercing while a woman stands next to him A man sticks his tongue out at the camera, a woman smirks at it. A man shows off his tongue ring while posing with a girl. Man with a pierced tongue next to a woman.	A man sitting.	neutral
A group of kids are writing with a black marker on one of their friend's back. People are writing and drawing on the back of another person with a marker. Boys at a party drawing on their friend's back with a black marker. Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.	A group laughs.	neutral
A man with a beard and sunglasses is standing in front of tree-covered hills. A man posing with large grassy mountains off in the distance. A man wearing sunglasses stands before a forested landscape. Bearded man with sunglasses in the mountains.	A man overlooks a valley.	neutral
People pose with helmets and goggles on while riding snowmobiles. Several people are taking a break while on a snowmobiling ride. People are riding around on snowmobiles. Three people and two snowmobiles.	Two men sit.	neutral
A small boy plays with plastic blocks, cars, and animals with an adult watching closely. A young Caucasian child and another adult lady are playing with a house made out of Legos. Young child and woman with glasses playing with toys on a red rug. New Mom plays with her young baby.	A child sitting on a mat.	neutral
A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky. A group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep. Four children and a woman are tending sheep in an arid location. There are a group of people around a heard of sheep.	Parents tending to a pack of sheep.	neutral
Men and women sitting at the table out on the patio drinking cocktails while young boy looks on. A group of people are sitting at a table outside having drinks and talking. Four adults and one child visit on a backyard patio. A group of people sitting outside on a deck.	A group gathered.	entailment
Sting is singing and playing the guitar before an audience. A man with a guitar and a microphone stands on stage. A band playing s song in front of a crowd. A band playing on a stage.	A man playing instrument at a live show.	entailment
A group of kids are standing in a passageway and two adult males are standing behind them. Two men in blue shirts are talking to each other while four children walk past. Excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot. Two men are talking as four kids run by.	Kids having fun.	entailment
A group of motorcyclists drive around a parking lot. Motorcyclists with white helmets in a parking lot. People are riding motorcycles in a circle. Six motorcycle riders going on tour.	Policemen driving.	neutral
A child is being swung by her arms while another child watches. A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand. A child is sprawled underneath a blanket in midair. The little girl is being swung around by her arms.	Another child sits on grass.	neutral
Two young boys in a play area at a store, jumping in a bright blue air filled bouncy while their moms look on. Amused parents look on as two children enjoy themselves in a colorful indoor playground. There are two kids, with their mothers, playing in a padded, blue structure. A young boy, dressed in black, jumps in a blue padded playroom.	Two women laughing.	neutral
Three workers in fluorescent orange clothing cleaning the subway tracks. City workers are doing maintenance on a train track. Men in orange doing clean up beside of a subway. Workers are cleaning railroad tracks.	Several men standing.	neutral
A man wearing a cowboy hat is sitting on a white horse. A man stands next to another man on a horse. Two guys one guy is riding a white horse. A man sitting on a horse.	A man looks into the distance.	neutral
A man wearing a dark suit looks down as another person dressed in black and white does the same. The bald woman is standing smiling next to a frowning man. A man and a woman stare at the ground. Two men talk and laugh.	A man put on a robe.	contradiction
A dog makes a faithful leap to catch a green and black Frisbee in his mouth. A white dog is airborne whilst catching a green toy. A leaping dog catches a green and black Frisbee. A dog catching a Frisbee.	Small dog jumps.	neutral
Two kids play in shallow waves against a brilliant blue sky. Two boys playing in the surf on the beach. Two young boys are in the water. Two boys play in the ocean.	Boys stand.	neutral
A motorcycle rider in a white helmet leans into a curve on a rural road. Someone on a motorcycle leaning into a turn. A motorcycle rider making a turn. A motorcycle races.	A motorcyclist turning a corner.	entailment
A young girl at a park is jumping off a tire swing while it is swinging into the air. A little girl plays with the tire swing at the playground. Little girl in red dress plays on outdoor tire swing. Girl in red outfit jumping out of tire swing	A child swings.	entailment
There are some people walking underneath some sort of large reflecting object with images of people and large buildings in it. People looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror People standing near a large metalized object reflecting a city skyline. A city reflected in a building that people are entering.	A group walking under a sculpture.	entailment
A little girl in a blue dress sitting on a park bench, sticking out her tongue. The little girl in the blue dress is sitting on a wooden bench. A little girl sticking her tongue out in a bench A girl sticks out her tongue on a bench.	A child making a face.	entailment
A man wearing a black shirt looks pensive while balancing a glass ball on the knuckles of his right hand. A man is dressed in a black shirt while balancing a round object on the back of his hand. Man balancing clear ball on the back of hand A man with a glass ball being exhibited.	Man standing.	neutral
A young lady with wild blond hair is playing the electric guitar on the stage. A bass player girl, who is performing at a concert one of the bands songs. A young woman playing the guitar. A woman plays her guitar.	Girl rocking out on an instrument.	entailment
A man, woman and three bicycles are resting by a silver car. Two bike riders standing with 3 bikes parked at the car. A man and woman with bicycles stand by a silver car. A man and a woman with three bikes and a silver car.	Bicyclists stand.	entailment
Two children, a boy in a blue shirt and a girl in a white shirt, chasing a huge bubble. Two young girls, one in sunglasses, play with a large soap bubble in the park. Two children are watching a giant bubble float through the air. The kids chase a huge bubble around the walkway.	Children try to catch a bubble.	entailment
A girl in a bikini walks along the beach with huge clouds and a sandy beach behind her. Beach scene with young woman in skimpy bikini top in foreground Woman in a bikini top is walking on the beach Young woman in a bikini top on the beach.	A woman standing.	contradiction
Musicians dressed in red and white shirts and khaki pants, performing at a sports arena. A pep band in red and white uniform is playing while seated in a stadium. A band wearing red and white shirts playing their instruments at a game. A band sitting in front of a game score board.	A group plays musical instruments.	entailment
A group of people walk through a street, while two women are eating. Two women are walking and eating corn from Styrofoam containers. Two women on a busy street are eating macaroni and cheese. Two women eating in front of Debenhams.	Women standing.	contradiction
Four men are relaxing under a large tree on a very nice day. Four young men rest in the shade of a leaning tree. Four people enjoying the qualities of nature. A group of men take a rest after a long hike.	Men sitting.	entailment
A man holding a bottle wearing tan pants talking to security officers in front of a large poster. Two men in black uniforms talking to a man holding a bottle of soda. Two uniformed law enforcement officers speaking to another male. A man talks to two guards as he holds a drink.	Policemen talking.	entailment
A bride and someone from her wedding party, wearing a darker dress, are walking on the beach. A woman in a brown dress and a woman in a white dress walk on the beach. Two women in bridal dresses standing on a beach. A bride and a bridesmaid are on a beach.	A partner holding a flower bouquet.	neutral
Lady in a pink shirt a blue jeans, holding a little girl, dressed in pink, posing next to an alpaca A woman in pink is posing with a small girl and a farm animal overlooking a grassy scenic hilltop. A woman and a little girl pose for a picture with a llama atop a hillside. Women and child on hillside feeding a lama.	A woman kneeling.	contradiction
Seven females at a wedding Six of them are looking at the bride. A group of bridesmaids with the bride having fun. A bride and her lady friends gathering together. A bridal party is posing for a picture outdoors.	Women standing in a body of water.	neutral
Some people sitting in an outside Chinese restaurant eating. Some people are eating at an outside restaurant at night. Chinese people are eating and watching people make food. People at an outdoor restaurant on the sidewalk	A crowd gathers.	contradiction
People walking, playing, sleeping in the park. Children play basketball on an outdoor court. Many boys are playing on a basketball court. Kids at a park play on a basketball court.	A group of men playing basketball.	contradiction
A tightrope walker entertains pedestrians on an urban street. A woman runs up to a juggling man on a tightrope. A man performing and standing on a rope. A man is standing on a rope.	A woman takes a photo.	neutral
Five girls dressed in white shirts and plaid skirts stand on a path in a grassy area next to a body of water while a man in a hat sits in the background. A group of schoolgirls in uniforms is having fun by the ocean. Girls in uniforms gather near the shore of a body of water. A few uniformed schoolgirls joke around next to a lake.	Some girls walk.	entailment
An older man with a white shirt, golf cap and a cane walks away from an outdoor flower shop. An older man with a cane walks along a row of flowers. Elderly man with a cane examines flowers at a florist. An old man is walking past by a flower's shop.	A man holds a can.	contradiction
A man with sunglasses resting on his forehead holds out his hand to another passenger on a train. Many friendly riders in a bus enjoying each others company. A group of people are riding public transportation. A group of people on a bus or a train car.	A group sitting.	entailment
A lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite. A group of kids, sitting on the floor, in an art museum listening to an older lady. Someone in a museum explaining something to other people, who are sitting down. An old woman is explaining old artifacts in a museum to a class.	A group gathered.	entailment
Two children sharing a space that permits them both to maximize their individual aspirations. A child in green and a child in orange playing on a jungle gym. Two children playing in a colorful playground. Two kids are playing in the park.	A child enjoying themselves.	entailment
A street vendor wearing white pants and black t-shirt is standing near his cart with cold beverages. A street vendor in a black shirt and white pants smiles at the camera. A man is doing something on a concession stand outside. A man is preparing shaved ice from his cart.	A man looks at the photographer.	entailment
A man in a colorful shirt speaks at a microphone. A man in a collared shirt giving a speech. An older man giving a speech. A man is doing his speech.	A man talks.	entailment
A child is running away from a plastic pool and an adult on a rural setting. A child is running away from a woman standing by a paddling pool. A woman and her son are playing outside by a kiddie pool. A woman watches a child play near a small pool.	A woman records.	contradiction
The goalie with the blue and white jersey is sliding near the goal posts. A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal. Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net. Hockey goaltender diving	Goalie blocks a shot.	neutral
A young boy wearing sunglasses playing on the shore at the beach A boy running through surf on a beach. People stand in the surf. A boy plays in the surf.	Boy walking.	contradiction
A large group of children jumping in the air are pictured on wooden boards by a large body of water with mountains in the background. Eleven children wearing coats of all colors are jumping in the air with mountains and a cloudy sky in the background. A group of people in a wide range of colors jump for a photo on a dock aside a body of water. A group of people jumping with joy on a deck overlooking a lake in a mountainous region.	Family jumps.	neutral
Five young people smiling for picture and one child not facing front A group of small girls holding up painted glass cups. A group of young Asian women smiling for the camera. Some Asian college girls are drinking	A group having fun.	entailment
Two Doberman's run through a field while one of them holds a tennis ball in its mouth. Two black and brown Dobermans running in a field playing ball. Two black and brown dogs are running through a field. Two dogs run around together in the field.	Dogs running through tall grass.	neutral
A woman in an orange blouse is glancing away from the picture while she dresses the hair of her friend, a girl who is grimacing and who is wearing a black tank top. A young lady getting ready for a dance and her sister is doing her hair. One girl, wearing a watch, fixing the hair of another girl. A girl wearing a watch fixes her friend's hair.	A woman is having her head shaved.	contradiction
Young people, both girls and boys jumping high into the air on the street they are going down. Four people wearing pants have all jumped up, as the sun goes down. A group of people jump along the street, some higher than others. Four People jumping in the air with two more almost off the ground.	Men leaping into the air.	entailment
A husky breed dog is sniffing a horse's shoulder while the dog's owner is petting the two brown horses. A person holding the leash of a dog as the dog sniffs the horse. A human and his dog are inspecting a horse. Horses taking snacks from owner.	A dog jumps a fence.	contradiction
A group of runners is running down a street, in front of onlookers, with the ground hill in the background covered in snow. Marathon runners are heading down a road by a park on a cold winter day. The runners are participating in a marathon run. Men and women participate in marathon.	A group jogs.	entailment
The person is walking in his own world thanks to his music apparently oblivious to the neighborhood around him. A person is listening to music over their headphones while walking down a deserted street. A man in white wearing headphones walking down the sidewalk. A man walks down a graffitied neighborhood with a boom box.	An African American walks down a street.	neutral
A man leads a donkey at what appears to be a petting zoo while others clap at another event. The Burro handler in taking the burros back to their stall for dinner and a rest. A man is leading two small ponies on a walk at a park. A guy walking two donkeys at a park.	Women clap.	neutral
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk. Two young girls wearing bonnets standing by a tree watching a snake nearby. Two young girls wearing dresses and bonnets stand next to a tree. Two little girls wear dresses and bonnets next to a snake.	Two children walking.	contradiction
A flock of birds disturbed and in flight in front of a wall that has a mural of three women and a man. A flock of birds fly up from the ground next to a building with a mural. Flock of pigeons flying in front of building with a mural painted on it. A group of birds fly up from the street against a painted wall.	Animals flying.	entailment
A man stands barefoot in jeans with his shoes in his hand and watches the sunset on a snow-covered hill. A man with rolled-up blue jeans stares off into the distance watching the sun rise. A man with no shoes on is watching the sunset over a town. There is a pretty sunset over the mountains.	A man walking.	neutral
A man and a woman are sitting on the ground and surrounded by boats. Two people sitting beside a few small boats. The man and woman are sitting by the boats. A man and a woman sitting near small boats.	A blond woman talking.	contradiction
A girl with red hair is standing outside and talking to a man in a white t-shirt and another man that is loosing his hair. People sitting and walking along a sidewalk cafe just off the dock. People gather on a dock and drink beers. People drinking beer on a doc.	A crowd sitting.	entailment
An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a young man in a blue t-shirt passing by. An elderly man in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue. An old man in shorts and white spotted black socks sits outside playing an accordion. A man wearing a colorful shirt, shorts, and a hat plays the accordion.	A man holding an instrument.	entailment
Four young Asian boys hold bowls and chopsticks as they stand around a barbecue. Group of Asian boys wait for meat to cook over barbecue. Four young boys are standing around a grill. Four young teens having fun at a cookout.	A group smiling.	neutral
Four people sit and listen to a woman in a blue scoop neck talk with two bystanders in the background. A woman in a blue shirt is speaking with two other women and a man, who is wearing glasses. Five women and one man look at something happening off-camera in an office. A group of people are talking in a workplace.	A group having a conversation.	entailment
A crew of cycling member getting ready for a race. A crowd of people assemble for a cycling event. A group of men who have bicycles are chatting. People getting ready to ride bikes.	A man stands at the back of a crowd.	neutral
An older man gives verbal instruction about handling owls to a young boy in a clearing in a park or wooded area. A little boy learning how to handle an owl in the outdoors. Little boy holding a hawk with older man helping him. Man teaching his son on how to train an owl.	Two men talking.	contradiction
There are two people on a bench talking and in the background is a woman on a bike walking a dog. A man and women are sitting on a bench talking to each other outdoors. A woman sits on a bench and speaks to a man in a green shirt. A man and woman are having a conversation on a park bench.	A couple sits.	entailment
Two smoking women lead a pack of women past two men leaning against a building. Women walking down sidewalk as man lean against building. Two women smoke while walking the streets. People are busy walking the street.	Men standing.	entailment
Water streaming from a young woman in a swimming pool flipping her wet hair backwards. A girl makes an arc of water with her hair in a pool. The girl is taking her hair out of the water. A young girl doing a back flip in the water.	A woman leaning on an umbrella.	contradiction
A young boy with blue eyes, wearing a red shirt drinks from a metallic pouch with a straw. A kid is drinking juice out of a juice packet. A little boy is drinking from a juice packet. A kid finishing a juice box.	A man sipping.	contradiction
A girl wearing glasses hold a girl the same age wearing a red sweatshirt and yellow galoshes. A brunette child with glasses holding a blond child wearing a red sweater and yellow boots. A young girl has lifted her friend and is carrying her in her arms. Two young girls pose for a picture with one carrying the other.	A smiling woman holding a child.	contradiction
Two people standing next to a red car are hugging in traffic with a brightly lit city scene behind them. Two people embrace outside of a red car at night in a brightly-lit city. A person in red is opening a red car's door in a parking area. Two people stand outside of a red car in the city and hug.	A woman gets out of a red car.	neutral
A man wearing a dark suit looks down as another person dressed in black and white does the same. The bald woman is standing smiling next to a frowning man. A man is helping someone put on a fancy robe. Two men talk and laugh.	A man stares at the ground.	entailment
A man is being tossed in the air by a large group holding the edges of a flag. A man's legs are in the air while his back is on a Lone Star Texas flag. Crowd throwing a person into the air with a blue, white, and red flag. A crowd of jubilant people flip a man up in the air using a large flag.	A man standing on his head.	contradiction
A group of motorcyclists are parked alongside and riding down a road. Motorcycles wait on the street for a ride to begin. A group of motorcycle riders gather on a street. Most of the people are riding their motorcycles	A group sits on their bikes.	entailment
Out of a crowd of women with attentive faces in medical uniforms, one blond woman looks up into the camera smiling. Several women, some in scrubs and other with badges, are waiting in a crowd. A hospital staff watching something. A crowd of women stand together.	Doctors stand.	neutral
Snowboarder doing a trick with his lib tech ski board mountains in the background judges or safety personal in the background A person performing a trick on a snowboard that says "Lib Tech" on the bottom. A snowboarder snowboarding up in the air on a wintry day. A person is upside down, doing a flip on a snowboard.	Skier flipping.	entailment
A man in a yellow shirt baits a hook of a fishing pole for a woman in a white top white a little girl in orange shorts stares off into the distance. A man helping a woman fix her fishing pole out by what appears to be a lake with a little girl playing next to the small foldable chairs. A man helps a woman with her fishing pole next to a lake. A father helps to ready the line for fishing.	A woman stands.	entailment
Four people with black hair pose for a picture with windows in the background. Four young Asian women are posing in front of a window Four Asian women pose for a picture. Four women, two with id badges.	A group standing.	entailment
A man, wearing yellow, is riding a bike in the woods. A dirt bike rider riding through the woods over logs. An extreme biker cuts a corner in the forest. A man mountain biking in the woods.	Men jumping over a fence.	contradiction
Senior citizens sitting on wooden chairs on a walkway and one is reading a newspaper. People sitting in wood chairs along a palm lined street with tall lanterns. People enjoying outdoor dining in a tropical setting. People sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.	Older men sitting in chairs.	entailment
A man wearing glasses and a black shirt with the number four on it is walking by a merchants table while people behind him are looking at the items on the table. A man is wearing a plaid hat, a watch, jeans, numerous accessories, and a shirt with a white circle and the number four in the middle. A dark-skinned man wearing glasses, a black shirt with the number 4 walking outside. A man is walking through some sort of fair.	A group walks.	neutral
A bald man in an orange short and jeans walking in the city by Camden Interiors a furniture store with a giant rocking chair over the door. Man in a red shirt walking beneath a large chair hanging off of a furniture store. A man in a red shirt walks past a store with a huge rocking chair. A man with a red shirt and jeans walking through a downtown area.	A man walking in front of a shop.	entailment
A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him. A young man is posing on his skateboard on top of a rail at a skate park. A skateboarder at a skate park attempting a rail slide trick. A skateboarding youth does a trick on a rail.	A man standing on a railing.	contradiction
Ground based military forces preparing to move out at night. A crowd of people gathered in front of a building at night. People in the military are outside at night. A military branch prepare for their duties.	Members of the military gather around some vehicles.	neutral
Man with a black shirt and red pants walking up a black path towards a building. A man in a black shirt and red pants walks down a corridor. A man is walking down a narrow walkway. A man in red pants walks around.	A man walking away from the camera.	neutral
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool. The little white and brown dog is swimming in a pool. The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool. A dog is swimming in an above ground pool.	A dog paddling through deep water.	neutral
A man with a Mohawk and beard, with his hand on his chin looking off into the distance. A man in a black jacket with a black beard stares pensively. A man sits and rubs his chin. A man in a jacket looks out.	An Asian man thinks.	neutral
A dog is splashing water into the air as it runs through a wet field of grass. Dog carry leash in mouth runs through marsh. White dog with leash running through water A dog is jumping through the water.	A medium sized dog.	entailment
A bald man in front of a microphone plays electric guitar under a spotlight. A man is holding a guitar with a light shining behind him. A male musician is playing guitar for a show on stage. This man is playing an electric guitar.	A man plays his red instrument.	neutral
A boy in a blue jacket points something out to his mother, also wearing a jacket, as they walk through a colorful carnival scene. A child is gesturing towards a game while walking with his mother. A young boy with his mum going home after playing toy games. A woman and a boy walk around a fair.	A woman holding hands.	neutral
Two officers are writing a ticket for a man wearing a green shirt. A driver caught by the police, awaiting his ticket. A London police officer writing a ticket to a man. A man is getting a ticket from a police officer.	Two officers standing on a street.	entailment
Three News personal interviewing a couple of senior citizens, while another person looks on. Two elderly people being interviewed by a camera crew standing near a green metallic van. A television crew films an interview with an older couple in winter coats. People are talking to a camera crew with video and microphone.	A man talking.	neutral
The black dog is crouching down in the field behind the ducks. A black and white dog following behind some spotted geese. A black and white dog stalks a flock of five geese. A group of ducks in a field.	A group of bird walking.	entailment
A man uses a bicycle to transport a sight that says "Lovely," while another man on a motor scooter drives by. A bicyclist passes with a giant sign that reads "lovely." A man advertises with a giant sign tied onto his bicycle. A long, green board that has "lovely" written on it.	A man on a bike riding down a street.	entailment
A group of people, old and young, men and women, sit around a table doing arts and crafts. A group of varying ages is sitting around a table doing arts and crafts. A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects. Group of people work on arts and crafts.	A group playing some sort of game.	contradiction
A crowd of people, many wearing blue "LABOR DAY 2010" shirts walk down a street, the three people in the foreground include a woman with a stroller, and a man with a young boy on his shoulders. A lady pushes a stroller while a man carries a child on his shoulders while walking and wearing Labor Day 2010 blue t-shirts. A small boy is getting a ride on the shoulders of a man wearing a blue Labor Day shirt. A group of labor day supporters are walking with their children.	Families walking.	entailment
The photo captures a group of people dressed in period costumes walking down a street as a large crowd of people watch. A group of costumed people walk in the foreground as spectators watch in the background in front of storefronts. Entertainers at a Renaissance Fest being watched by spectators. Crazy Christians praising the lord.	A group stands.	neutral
A woman is smiling at the camera while holding her newborn baby. A new mother holds her newborn baby in the hospital. A mother holds her newborn baby in a hospital room. A mom is very happy to be holding her new baby.	Parent smiles.	entailment
Young child getting ready to bowl a ball toward a pin while playing bowling. A child is bowling in an alley with one pin left standing. Young boy bowling with a ball between his legs. A young boy is bowling at a bowling alley.	A small child hits another ball.	neutral
A Chinese man wearing glasses sitting on a chair holding a green beverage. A man prepares his local stand for the days business. A man sits on a small chair on a sidewalk. This man is at work on the street.	A man in a white shirt doing some kind of work.	neutral
A man a woman and a child sitting on a couch smiling A family of three sits and poses on a couch together. A male, female, and young girl are on a couch. A family sitting on a couch.	Parents sit.	entailment
A man is carving a strangely-shaped figure out of stone using a long-rodded tool. A man in a brown jacket is carving stone with a hammer and chisel. A man is using a hammer and chisel to make sculptures. An older gentleman carving granite with a chisel.	A man chipping at a stone block.	entailment
A woman in a black shirt with long brown hair standing in front of a microphone. A woman wearing a black top standing in front of and holding a microphone. A dark-haired woman wearing a black shirt holds a microphone in her hands. A red-haired woman dresses in black stands at a green microphone.	Woman singing.	entailment
The man in the blue shirt wearing a crucifix guards the entrance to the elevator with the Aztec theme. A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a garage-like structure painted with geometric designs. An African American man with a rosary around his neck is standing in a room. A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a doorway.	A man stands with his hands on his hips.	neutral
The daughter admits that her mom is cool in her aviator sunglasses. A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt. Two YMCA volunteers having a good time. Two girls wearing the same shirt.	Two friends pose.	neutral
A dog is jumping and catching a small, blue ball in a park surrounded by two other dogs. A brown and white dog is jumping high and catching a blue ball. A dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth. A dog jumps in the air to catch a blue ball.	Three dogs run on grass.	neutral
A group of people are standing in front of a large group of children sitting on the floor. Actors, some dressed as various animals, do a skit for children. People act in front of an audience of young children. A girl participates in a children's show.	Children gather.	entailment
An Asian man wearing a NY Yankees hat and shorts is standing outside with his face propped by his hand and his foot propped up on a brick curb. A man in a beige and white striped shirt, brown shorts and shoes with one hand on his face and one foot up looks ahead. A man leans up against a metal frame, resting his head in his hand. A man standing in a New York Yankees baseball cap.	An older gentleman leaning over an object.	neutral
A Caucasian mat sits passively with his eyes closed as he gets his longer, brown hair shaved off, while onlookers watch in the background. A man is getting the middle of his head shaved by an electric razor. A man is getting his head shaved with people in the background. A closeup of a man getting his head shaved.	A man glancing.	contradiction
A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman. Group of doctors are gathered around a patient in an operating room. Three male doctor and a female nurse operating on a patient. Doctors and nurses performing an operation.	A team performs surgery.	entailment
A woman in a pink hat holds hands with a man in a white hat while walking down the street. A couple walks down the street holding hands while a man plays music. A man sits on the floor and plays a flute while three people talk. Three people walk past a man playing a flute on the sidewalk.	A musician playing an instrument.	entailment
Five girls in swimsuits, are seen from the back, jumping into the water. Girls in swimsuits, holding hands and leaping into water. The five girls wearing swimsuits jump into the water. Girls in swimsuits jumping into water from behind	Women jump.	entailment
Two rows of women walking towards each other on the sidewalk outside of a store with a boy 50 % sign on the golden framed windows. Two groups of women walking toward each other, 5 on the left and 4 on the right, in front of a storefront that says "50 %". Women walking down sidewalk and have been shopping. Women walking towards each other holding bags	Shoppers walking.	entailment
A man in a pink shirt is stealing an old couples bike, the possibility he is a loan shark collecting his dues are high. Two men are examining a bike tire outside while a woman watches from the porch. Two men examine a bike wheel while a woman looks on from the porch. A man helping another man fix a bike tire in a backyard.	A woman leans on a doorway.	neutral
A girl with a toboggan and sunglasses smiles with her friend in the background as they do crafts. A boy wearing a brown shirt and hat sits on a box next to a girl in front of a store. There are two young ladies sitting on crates with big smiles. Some teenagers smile from an outdoor table.	Women smile towards the camera.	contradiction
A woman in a black shirt getting emotional while talking into a microphone. A woman in a black shirt talking into a microphone. A crying woman is talking into a microphone. A woman crying at a microphone.	A woman shows emotion.	entailment
A blond little boy smiling inside a car and wearing an Elmo shirt. A blond child with blue eyes and an Elmo shirt sitting in a car. A happy child with an Elmo shirt in the back of a car. Little boy with bright blue eyes smiling.	A baby posing.	neutral
A boy in a blue bathing suit is diving into the water. A man in blue shorts diving into water. A young guy jumping into the water. A young man diving into the water.	A man flipping.	neutral
A person wearing a bright pink wig and a yellow shirt, facing away and looking at the ocean. A person with neon pink hair and yellow shirt is looking out across a beach. A person with pink hair looking out at a beach. The person at the beach is wearing a pink wig.	Girl standing.	neutral
One person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture. A person is taking a picture of another person doing a flip in midair in the grass. A young man takes a picture of his friend doing gymnastics in a field A man doing a back flip while another takes a picture.	Another man jumping.	entailment
Three children, one girl and two boys, are sitting on a gym floor and raising their hands while being watched by two female adults. A group of toddlers kneeling on the floor mimicking one of the adults with their hands stretched upwards. A group of young children with raised hands sit with a woman on a wooden floor. Children who are holding their hands up while sitting on a gym floor.	A teacher helping children.	neutral
A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman. Three male doctor and a female nurse operating on a patient. A medical team performs surgery in a field hospital. Doctors and nurses performing an operation.	Group gathered.	entailment
The woman in the white shirt and black backpack is walking with the man in the blue shirt. A woman with a bag talks to a man on a bicycle near a street. Man riding a bicycle as woman walks beside him on a street. A man talks to a woman wearing a backpack.	A woman facing the camera.	neutral
A young woman wearing skinny jeans and carrying a purse and some other bags is crossing the street amidst some tall buildings. A woman crossing the street in blue jeans and a short-sleeve shirt. A lady crosses a city street under a rainbow. A woman crossing the street.	A woman walks.	entailment
People are coming down a movable staircase built through a tunnel, which has three of those staircases. People are using the far left of three escalators, which are enclosed inside an elongated tunnel. In this picture there are several people on a series of escalators. Several people ride down an escalator.	A group is coming through a long tunnel.	entailment
An old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards. An old woman and a young man playing bingo together. A young man playing Bingo with a Senior Citizen. An older woman and a young man play bingo.	A man sitting.	entailment
A group of people dressed in festive outfits is gathered outside building. People wearing colorful costumes and headdresses march through the streets. A crowd scene with people in yellow and white native clothing. People dressed in bright costumes of white and yellow feathers	Woman stands.	neutral
A man in a blue shirt watching another man in a blue shirt and sunglasses holding a rifle near the water with multicolored boats in the background. One man shows a gun to another man on the dock. A young man holding a gun in a boat. Two men getting ready to shoot.	Men both stand.	neutral
A person in a purple shirt rubs their eyes under their glasses as the stand in front of a red and yellow bus. This young Child, in the Blue Shirt, is working up his Muscles, or he has a bad tooth ache A man in a purple shirt and blue jeans playing the harmonica by a red bus. A young man in a purple shirt cracks his neck using his own hands.	A man carrying a bag.	neutral
One man with glasses, dressed in fatigues is pointing and talking to other men standing next to him. An Army officer discuss training with other Army personnel. A man in military uniform points as three other men watch. Men in uniform meeting outdoors.	Soldiers watch.	entailment
A male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways. A man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process. A man in a blue shirt and shorts is surfing in the ocean. A windsurfer is flipped upside down on a wave.	A person crashing on the waves.	entailment
A white-haired coach is coaching his team of young men while they run towards him. Three teenage boys are running towards an older man in a white shirt. Three young men sprinting past their coach outside. Three young men face an older man with a whistle.	A group running.	entailment
A circle of Native Americans in full traditional attire site in a drum circle amongst a sea of listeners. Indians celebrate their culture in traditional clothing through song. A group of native Americans perform for a crowd by playing the drums A family having a party or doing a religion.	Native Americans sit in circle chanting and beating instruments.	entailment
Female with black hair, wearing pink striped winter gloves and gray coat, smiling broadly, a newspaper tucked under her arm. Woman in purple gloves carries a conversation with another woman in a scarf. A woman smiling and laughing that is wearing purple gloves. Girl in pink striped mittens laughing in a crowd.	A couple laughing.	entailment
A man in a gray camouflage shirt and gray pants sits under the hood of a blue truck. A man crouches under a truck hood's shade to fix it. A man sits in the under the hood of a blue truck. A Mexican man sits under the hood of his truck.	A man performing repairs.	entailment
A man with brown hair with glasses on looking up at someone and laughing. Man in chair laughing and talking to others, while handling books. A conversation between four people takes place outside a wine bar. A man holding some small books talks to several other people.	Gentleman sitting.	entailment
Children are competing in a potato sack race at an outdoor social gathering. Young children are having a sac race on a nice warm day out. Kids participate in a potato sack race. Children participate in a sack race.	Kids jumping.	entailment
A young male child in a yellow shirt being fed a banana. A young African child is being fed a banana. Feeding a hungry kid a banana. Little boy eating a banana.	A child taking a bite.	entailment
A black and brown dog with a brown dog in a grassy field with patches of white. A black dog is facing a brown dog in an open outdoor space. Two dogs are standing in a field of grass and dirt. Two dogs in a grassy field.	Dogs greet each other.	neutral
A teenage boy is attempting to rollerskate down the handrail on a set of yellow stairs while a woman and two children look on with shocked or anticipatory faces. A man rides a skateboard down the railing of a staircase in front of a closed storefront, with three people watching him. A skater grinding down a rail in front of a Latin store while three onlookers watch. A boy is riding his skateboard down a handrail while a woman and two children watch.	A skateboarder slides.	entailment
An Asian man wearing a NY Yankees hat and shorts is standing outside with his face propped by his hand and his foot propped up on a brick curb. A man in a beige and white striped shirt, brown shorts and shoes with one hand on his face and one foot up looks ahead. A man leans up against a metal frame, resting his head in his hand. A man standing in a New York Yankees baseball cap.	A person eating salad at an event.	contradiction
A man sticks his tongue out at the camera, a woman smirks at it. A man shows off his tongue ring while posing with a girl. The man and woman are sitting together and smiling. Man with a pierced tongue next to a woman.	A woman stands.	neutral
An outdoor art fair or exhibition where one artist is painting and displaying his work along with other artists outside a building. On a gray bricked street, a man in a vest sits and paints among his other works while a woman and three men talk. Artist in courtyard sitting drawing with people in foreground. Male street artist painting a portrait.	A woman walks.	neutral
A small group of people outside a building standing around listening to a saxophone player. A man is playing a Saxophone while people on the street listen to the music. Four young people have stopped to listen to a man play a saxophone. Four people watching a man playing a musical instrument.	Three children play an instrument.	contradiction
The young man catches some air while skateboarding. A skateboarder doing a maneuver in the air. A man jumps in the air on his skateboard. The skateboarder jumps into the air.	A boy does a trick.	entailment
A man in a plaid shirt exhales smoke on a crowded city street. A man in a group of people outside smoking. A man with a brown scarf blowing smoke. The man is smoking in the picture.	A man walking.	contradiction
A brown dog is jumping on top of a smaller white dog and there is a colorful ball on the floor. A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet. A big brown dog plays with a small white dog near a ball. The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog.	Two dogs play together.	entailment
People in costume and hats pose with American flags and fingers held up with the number three. A group of friends enjoying the company of each other. A group of people holding up the American flag. A group of males are holding an American flag.	A group makes peace signs.	neutral
A yellow dog running through a grassy area carrying something small in its mouth. A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth. A dog runs while holding an object in its mouth. The dog is carrying a toy through the grass.	A dog with a red collar running.	neutral
A group of people walking together with a market and old architecture in the background. Crowds stroll past an elegant and ancient looking structure. A crowd of people are walking past an old archway. Crowd shuffles past opening in old structure.	Tourist walks.	neutral
A shirtless man is securing his red headband in a beach area, on a railed pedestal within the water. Shirtless man with red towel wrapped around his head. I am going to a hotdog competition in Coney Island. A young man wearing a red bandanna at an event.	A man rests.	neutral
Two men in white robes with black hats with one in a prayer stance. Two monks in long white robes in a religious ceremony. Two Asian men in white robes are praying. Two taoist monks wearing white praying.	Men clasp their hands.	neutral
A person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her. A lady wearing a dark outfit and carrying a white bag is walking along a street. A woman walking home from the market in a dirty neighborhood. A woman is walking and holding a plastic bag.	A man walking.	contradiction
A boy in yellow is shooting a soccer ball at a boy in red, while several other boys play soccer in the background. While a number of people mill about in the background, two brightly-dressed boys participate in a game of soccer. Two young people of opposing teams are playing a soccer match in yellow and red uniforms. A boy with a yellow and black soccer uniform trying to score a goal.	The goalie blocks a shot.	neutral
A woman and her son walk down a long, leaf-strewn path, while two people ride their horses in the opposite direction. A woman and a child are walking on a leaf-lined sidewalk, heading towards two people riding horses. Woman and child walking on a path covered in leaves, while two people on horses come towards them. Two people on horseback approach a woman and small child walking on a trail.	A mother walks.	entailment
A boy band playing outdoors for a benefit concert. A band of three men are playing for a benefit. Three men are playing music on a stage. A band is performing on a stage.	Men playing the instruments and guitar.	neutral
Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam Three little boys cover themselves with bubbles. Three children covered in soap bubbles smile. Three young children are covered in foam.	Children standing.	neutral
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade. The guy in the black and yellow vest has a black hat on. Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling. Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling.	Guys standing.	contradiction
A man in a sleeveless shirt is performing an aerial stunt along a graffiti-covered wall. The man is wearing a no sleeve shirt and blue jeans on a graffiti wall. A man jumping of the wall of a large graffitied wall. A young man skates down the side of a colorful wall.	A skateboarder uses a ramp.	contradiction
A group of workers in orange safety vests and hard hats pose on top of a factory type building A group of men wearing hard hats and orange reflector vests are commemorating an event. A group of men wearing hard hats and OSHA safety vests, posing for a photograph. A group of workers at a train station.	Men standing together.	neutral
A woman with blond hair and white sunglasses is wearing a yellow tank top with a pink purse. A blond woman is wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses is walking outside. A blond woman is wearing yellow spaghetti strap shirt and sunglasses. A blond-haired lady in a yellow tank top with a pink purse walking.	A woman has a bag.	entailment
Five people with backpacks hiking down a rocky hill. Five backpackers hiking along a rocky slope. A group of hikers climb rocky terrain. The hikers descend on the mountain.	Hikers walk.	entailment
A woman plays with a baby wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and lying on a patterned rug. A woman sits on a flowered carpet with an infant. Woman playing with a baby on a flowered carpet. A woman sits on a carpeted floor with a baby.	A woman holds a little boy.	entailment
A person wearing a navy jacket and black hat jumping over a small partition on a horse. A show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence. An equestrian and a horse are jumping over an obstacle. A woman on a horse jumps an obstacle.	A rider on an animal jumps over a hurdle.	entailment
A group of people stand with their hands raised while standing on a wooden floor and in front of a blue backdrop. A group of people dressed mostly in red and purple pose, with their arms raised, for a playful group photo. There is a crowd of people on stage raising their hands in the air. A group of people hold their arms up in front of a blue curtain.	A group of women jumps.	neutral
A man in a white shirt walking down the sidewalk. Man going into a shallow, dark passageway. The person in white T-shirt is walking. A man walks down a shady sidewalk.	A man crossing a street.	contradiction
There is a middle-aged woman in red and shes kneeling down holding a little boy who looks like he could be her grandson the little boy is wearing a white long-sleeve shirt with blue pants the two of them are next to some grass and in front of a hill of dirt they look like they are posing for a family picture. A mother is kneeling with her child with rocks in the background. A kneeling dark-haired woman with a nose ring hugs a small child. A mother in a pink outfit hugging her child outside.	Baby posing.	neutral
A family of four that is near a canal where boats are going in and out of. A man and a woman in pink shirts snack with children. A family of four is standing and eating by a harbor. A family is standing outdoors on a cloudy day.	A group standing on a dock.	neutral
A man with a microphone is singing to people. A man on stage singing into a microphone. A singer on a stage with a white shirt. A singer on stage singing to fans.	A crowd watching.	entailment
A pair of kids wearing life jackets raise their canoe paddles. A group of young people are boating and wearing life jackets. Two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river. Kids out on a river touch the ends of their oars.	Boys play with sticks.	neutral
A man, dressed in a tuxedo, and a woman, dressed in a wedding gown, are standing in front of a three tiered cake. The happy, newlywed couple takes a moment to laugh and celebrate before cutting their wedding cake. Bride and groom smiling as the groom cuts their three tiered wedding cake. A newly married couple laughing as they cut their wedding cake.	Partner standing.	entailment
A happy mother at her baby shower is excited that her friend gave her baby a Spider-Man t-shirt. A woman shows another woman a young boys shirt with a picture of Spider-Man on it. A woman displays a child's t-shirt with Spider-Man on it. A woman shows off child Spider-Man pajamas.	A woman smiling.	neutral
A gray-haired man wearing a dark gray suit and blue tie partially extends his arms in front of his body. A man in a suit engrossed in trying to describe an idea to his peers. A man wearing a black suit is talking and gesturing with his hands. An order man in a suit appears to be giving a lecture.	An older man making a gesture.	entailment
Five Women, wearing beautiful, colorful saris, in a circle, dancing with their hands raised and touching. Five young Indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle Middle eastern women wearing colorful dresses doing some type of dance. Indian women joining hands in a traditional dance.	Some women having fun.	entailment
A person, wearing a trench coat and hat, is sitting on a bench outside reading a newspaper. A person sitting on an old bench with their back to the camera reading a newspaper. A person who wants to be hidden, reads a newspaper outdoors. A person in a coat reads a newspaper on a bench.	A man sitting.	neutral
A girl plays with a necklace as the sun shines behind her. A girl with the sun behind her plays with some jewelry. A girl playing with a stretchy charm bracelet. A little girl examines a piece of jewelry.	A child holding a necklace.	entailment
An aging man in a green and orange palm tree shirt and straw hat holds a red drum and a drumstick. A man with a hat is playing the drum in the street. A man in a straw hat playing the drum. An elderly man playing a drum.	An older man plays an instrument.	entailment
A baby girl is yelling with two adults and a cat in the background. A kid shouts while two women converse with each other. A young child is shouting with people around him. Two women talk as a toddler yawns.	An animal walking.	neutral
There is a white cow lying down on what appears to be a bridge with several young people standing nearby and a woman dressed in blue walking further down. A cow lies on a walkway between two rails as some people relax nearby and a woman walks away. A white bull laying on a bridge with three teenagers hanging out in the background. A white cow is laying on a sidewalk and a lady in blue is walking down from it.	Men standing.	neutral
A man in a blue tee-shirt, wearing a cap, is riding a white horse down a dirt road, in a rural setting of grass and hills. A man wearing a ball cap and a blue T-shirt rides a white horse down a dirt road through lush, green nature. A person wearing a blue shirt, rides a white horse along a dusty country road. A person is riding on a horse along a sandy trail in a grassy region.	A boy riding an animal.	contradiction
A woman in a cream tank tops and sunglasses scratches her head as she looks of to the side. Selena Gomez is wearing a cream tank top looking at the town after she got off the plane. Woman in a tan tank top and jeans looks off into the distance through her sunglasses. A woman with sunglasses and brown hair looking off into the distance.	A girl standing.	entailment
Two men in white t-shirts and tool belts sit on frame work for a structure. A young man with a red bandanna tied around his neck looks to his right. The young man in the kerchief is wearing a tool belt. Two men working on a construction project.	Men talking.	neutral
Boys are standing outside of a brick establishment while one boy starts to run. A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game. A group of boys with croquet equipment stands on a lawn. A group of boys is watching another boy walk away.	Some boys posing.	neutral
A black-haired woman behind a podium is giving a speech to a large crowd. A female speaker is speaking to a large crowd of people under a tent. A woman speaking to a group of people on a microphone. A white woman is giving a speech under a tent.	A woman stands and addresses a group.	entailment
Three children jumping while an older man watches from a row of chairs nearby. Three young children jump while an older man watches from his seat. The children of a family play while they wait. Three Asian kids dance while a man looks on.	A man sits.	entailment
Two men in hard hats and work coveralls look at the docked ship one of them points at. Two men are inspecting a ship that is moored to a dock. Two workers inspecting a ship tied up in a dock. Men in working suits, looking at large ship.	Two construction workers talk.	neutral
People in red and pink walking down large steps Two people descending a set of gray steps. Two people walking down some stairs. People walk down steps.	Women walk.	neutral
A bald man has hand on the shoulder of another man. Two men touch their heads together and smile. Two smiling men with their heads touching Two men wearing black	A man puts his arm around another man.	entailment
A couple in a town where tourist are visiting but they are unhappy. A woman is hugging a man, while an older man is taking a picture. A woman embraces a man outdoors in a European square. A square full of people and life.	A couple standing.	neutral
Many people are watching a parade on the side of a street. A group of people are watching something. A group of people at a parade. People watching a parade.	A group happening.	entailment
A very small boy carries a bicycle tire on his shoulder. A young boy is carrying tire rubber down a dirty road. A small child is holding a tire over his shoulder. A small child is carrying a large hoop.	A boy walks.	entailment
A motorcycle rider turns the motorcycle on its side while racing. A race car driver in a Yamaha bicycle is turning on a racetrack. A man races a blue motorcycle on a track. A motorcyclist takes a corner.	A cyclist rides a motorbike.	entailment
An oriental man in a blue shirt is leaning against a chain. Street vendors talk to each other while others walk by. Two Asian men rest by a sign on an urban street. A man is watching what to get in the shops.	Men stand near a sign.	neutral
Balding man holding toddler high up outdoors on a cloudy day. A man holding and playing with a blond little girl. A man holding a little girl up in the air outside. Man holding blond-haired toddler up in the air.	A father holding his daughter.	entailment
Two young women walking in the street. Two women walking on a gray road. Two young women walking slowly. Two girls walking down a street	A woman looks at the camera.	neutral
A woman gives the finger to a man about to deliver a shipment of plants and a passerby looks on. Three workers unloading flowers from a large truck. Pushing the flower pots to the garden to plant. Some florists load a delivery truck.	A woman makes a gesture.	entailment
A wild animal races across an uncut field with a minimal amount of trees. A wild animal not found in America jumping through a field. An animal with horns jumping in a field. A wildebeest trips in the field.	An antelope runs.	contradiction
A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair. A girl with a long, curly, red hair and green eyes. A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman. A red-haired woman looks off-camera.	A woman staring off into the distance.	entailment
A group of people sitting at a table with refreshments in what looks to be an art gallery. A group of people are sitting around a table and talking with each other. Seven people sit at table in metal fold-up chairs discuss topic. Group of people sitting around a table for a meeting	Men having a meeting.	entailment
Three people wearing hats, two sitting, talking, and eating, and one lying down. Three people relax on the grass near large rocks. Three people are sitting down to rest. Three people sitting in the grass.	Men sitting.	neutral
A man wearing a leather jacket standing next to a tall building. A man in a brown jacket stares at a building. A man is standing looking at a glass wall. Man in front of a large glass building.	Man outside.	entailment
An older black woman is walking along a tree-covered city street. An older woman in a dark coat holds a pack of paper tightly. A woman with a black coat is walking down a sidewalk. People going to a workshop in another city.	A man walking.	neutral
Two bald men in a bedroom with one man working on a desktop computer and the observing while seated on the bed next to him. Two bald men, one sitting at a computer and the other behind him, in front of red window curtains. Two men working with the computer within their apartment. Two bald men sit on chairs and look at a computer.	Men in a room looking at a screen.	entailment
Two small puppies run along the edge of a stone wall nearby a heavily foliaged area. Two puppies run across flat stones in garden area. Two small tan puppies walking on a stone path Two puppies walking on stones.	Dogs chase each other.	neutral
A man turns his head to the side as he sits with a woman on a dark street with lights. Two people are having an intimate conversation on the side of the road. A man hitting on a girl on a metro city street at night. A man and woman are standing near motorcycles.	A man talking.	entailment
Quarterback waiting for snap of football. Men play football as a crowd watches. Football players are on the field. A football game in progress.	Two teams compete.	entailment
A man with dark hair and a light tan jacket is standing under an umbrella at a booth with a sewing machine. A guy working under an umbrella on a sewing project. Asian boy works at a sowing machine pushcart. A man is sewing clothes under an umbrella	A man sitting.	contradiction
Young gentlemen wearing green shorts is walking towards the ocean with his surfboard A young man in blue trunks is walking towards the ocean surf carrying a surfboard. A shirtless guy with blue shorts and a surfboard walking towards the beach water. A man walking towards the open sea.	A surfer walking.	entailment
A young Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike, as a young boy, with his bike down, looks up. Woman with long hair on a bicycle looking at a child. A woman on a bike looks at a boy behind a small tree. A girl sitting on a bike talking to a young boy.	A woman riding a bicycle with a basket.	neutral
The people under the canopy are sitting on a bench; the mother is taking a picture of a child with her cellphone. A group of people gather under a screened in and roofed area. People observe animals in a covered exhibit at the zoo. People sit on benches.	A group waiting for a bus.	contradiction
A man picks through a garbage can at an intersection in New York City, which is identifiable by the trashcan. An elderly man in a plaid shirt and jeans empties a coffee cup into a trash bin. An elderly gentleman ransacking a waste container. An old man placing trash in a bin	Man standing.	neutral
Two policemen looking at a building from a distance by their car with binoculars. Two police officers look at a house from a distance with binoculars. Two men are taking pictures while standing beside an automobile. Two men take photographs on either side of their car.	Men standing next to a minivan.	neutral
People are gathered at a platform on which stands a table of trophies with graduated boxes in front of the platform labeled 1, 2 and 3. Awards are being presented to children on Field Day in a place that speaks an Asian language. A stage is set in Oriental motif for an award ceremony honoring 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place. A stage full of people at a festival.	Judges standing.	neutral
There is a young male using a desktop computer and a lady smiling and watching him. A young woman in business casual kneeling and young man sitting at a computer. A young man and a woman are looking at something on a computer. People in a computer room using computers.	A teacher helping a student.	entailment
A young child leaps and stretches to catch a blue Frisbee. A boy in a brown shirt, throwing a Frisbee. A boy leaping to catch a flying Frisbee. A child trying to catch a Frisbee.	A little kid runs.	neutral
The little boy is walking down the sidewalk in his mothers shoes. A young child in a diaper is walking in large flip-flops. Child in diapers and adult shoes runs down pathway. Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops.	A toddler walking.	entailment
On stage, the innards of a piano are shown next to a man at a desk who is working on electronics, while a long-haired man is looking at a screen which shows "53 :11". A group works on a project involving a piano and has 53:11 remaining. A man is at a table filled with stuff, near a piano, on a stage. A man in black is working at a white table.	A man fixing something.	neutral
A woman in a formal suit takes pictures as the crowd waits patiently for unfolding events. A group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph A uniformed woman holding a camera standing in front of a crowd of spectators. A woman in uniform taking pictures with a 35 millimeter camera.	A woman takes digital photos.	neutral
A man tickling two girls who are wearing pink outfits. Two young girls are smiling and laughing. A dad playing with his two girls. Man tickling two twin girls.	A father plays with his two children.	entailment
A girl with a yellow EL Dorado Elementary School shirt on showing the size of something using her fingers. A young girl with other people in the forest, wearing a yellow shirt, surprised about something small. A young girl is in the woods presenting her index finger and thumb as if to represent a measurement. A young girl in a yellow shirt is making a funny face while other children sit outside around her.	A child holding up two fingers.	entailment
A man and two youngsters are standing in front of a Japanese vending machine. Three people stand near a couple of machines, one labeled Sharp. Three people stand and face video machines. Two kids and a man play games at an arcade.	Family standing.	neutral
The newlyweds cutting their wedding cake at the reception with leis around their necks. A married couple cutting a cake while wearing leis. A married couple are cutting a wedding cake. A married couple is cutting a cake.	A partner and a partner cutting food.	entailment
A man and his friend hiking in a mountain near Bakersfield, California. Two people with yellow backpacks hiking up a hill. Two women hiking up a gravel trail. Two people hiking on a trail.	Hikers walking.	entailment
A brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods. A black and brown dog running outside. A doggy runs in the dry grass. A dog running down a hill.	A dog with a red collar runs.	neutral
A black-haired female guitarist and a male drummer are playing in a large tent. A drummer is playing in front of a sign that says SXSWO in a tent. Band playing with a female lead singer. A man in a green shirt playing drums.	A musician plays music for a crowd.	neutral
A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it. Two men; one in a striped shirt, the other in a blue, walking on the sidewalk in front of a building. Two people walk past the painting a sleeping baby near an ornate brick building. Couple walking passed a clock tower.	Couple holding hands walking.	entailment
A happy little girl wearing a pink sweater white shirt, and black pants is jumping off a low wall with her arms spread out. An urban park setting with a young girl in a pink sweater shrug jumping from a low concrete wall onto the ground. A photo snapped by this little girl's parent while she is pretending to be a ballerina balancing on the ledge. A small girl jumping off on a barrier.	Child standing.	neutral
A bicycle cop or security guard is riding in front of an Outback Steakhouse. Police officer patrolling on a bicycle. A bicycle cop moves through the street. A Police Officer riding his bicycle.	Another man walking on a street.	contradiction
A woman with a purse and luggage checks her cellphone on a city street. A woman in a green dress stops to look at her phone. A woman in a green dress waits with her luggage. A woman texting by her car.	Woman standing.	entailment
A man is bending over, aiming a shot with a pool cue on a billiard table. A man, holding a pool stick, playing pool in a dimly lit room. A guy is about ready to take a shot while playing pool. A guy very concentrated during a pool game session.	Boy playing snooker indoors.	contradiction
A female in a flowered shirt holding a brown menu. A young, pregnant woman works as a waitress. A nice looking lady holding a portfolio. Woman waitress at a restaurant.	A girl standing.	neutral
Two dogs running over packed dirt and rocks A brown and a brown dog are running. Two dogs running in the dirt Two dogs run through mud.	Dogs run along a path.	neutral
A bird is flying through the air while children are playing on the beach. A bird is flying on the beach as a girl runs in the sand. People are playing on a beach while a seagull flies by. A brown bird flies off to the right at a crowded beach.	An animal flies over the water.	neutral
A man in a striped shirt standing in front of a projection screen leans over a desk and touches the keyboard on a laptop. A young man in a polo shirt prepares his laptop for a presentation. A man in an office is checking information on his laptop. A young man in a stripe shirt is working on a laptop.	A man typing on a computer.	entailment
One man in a leather jacket, holding his head in his hands, wearing blue jeans, with a giant yellow bag, sitting on a white bench, next to an older male wearing reading glasses and reading a book. Two men sitting on a bench where one has his head in his lap and a large yellow bag next to him. Two older men are sitting outside and one of them has his head down while the other is reading. Two men are sitting on a bench.	Gentlemen sitting.	entailment
A team of people, wearing green shorts, darker green tops and maryjane shoes are jumping and dancing in a circle while carrying and waving flags on a platform in front of an old brick building. Boys in bright green pants and dark green shirts run in circles waving green and blue striped flags in unison Flag dancers in green pants dancing and running around in front of a brick building. Several children run around a courtyard in matching outfits, waving a flag.	Boys swing.	contradiction
Person in a black hat, jacket, pants and shoes sitting on concrete curb against a brick background. A single woman wearing a black hat and leather jacket listening to music A man sits on the sidewalk listening to headphones. Person listening to mp3 player sitting on curb.	A woman sits on the side of a building.	neutral
A woman holds her little white dog and points to a big brown dog at the bottom of the hill. A woman is standing in a green field holding a white dog and pointing at a brown dog. A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field. A woman holding a white dog points at a brown dog in the grass.	Another dog playing in the yard.	neutral
Two people in chef's garb doing a demonstration at a KitchenAid booth. A chef is talking to another person in a KitchenAid showroom. A demonstration of how good KitchenAid products are. Two chefs standing in front of KitchenAid	A man stands in a kitchen.	neutral
A person riding a white horse is roping a small animal with horns. A woman on the back of a horse ropes a cattle. A rodeo participants tries to rope a steer. A woman ropes a calf in a rodeo.	A horse chasing a bull.	entailment
Some Africans are shopping at an open air market for green vegetables. Many people are doing business at a farmer's market. Black people talking in the marketplace. Customers shopping in a food kiosk.	Lady shopping.	neutral
A little girl is sitting on the sidewalk looking at colorful children's coloring books. A young girl looking at multiple coloring books on the cement floor. A little girl choosing a coloring book from a street vendor display. A little girl is looking at a bunch of activity books.	A child kneels.	neutral
A large group of girls dressed in blue and silver outfits is standing on the bleachers. Cheerleaders in sparkling blue uniforms stand and sit in the stands of a sports game. An high school cheer squad cheering on the bleachers. A group of girls in blue outfits.	Cheerleader waiting.	neutral
A small girl wearing a pink shirt picking up small black items with a white shovel. A girl in a red shirt is looking at coffee beans. The little girl is picking up the beans. A little girl in a bright pink shirt.	A child uses a spatula.	neutral
A guy on Rollerblades is grinding on a rail in a skate park. A boy is skating along a ledge in an indoor skate center. Young man with white helmet is rollerblading on a ledge A rollerblader grinds a rail at an indoor skate park.	A skater grinding.	entailment
Father standing with his daughter perched on his shoulders. A toddler riding on the shoulders of her dad A man carrying a toddler on his shoulders. A man is holding a child on his shoulders.	A man holding a little girl.	entailment
An elderly person wearing a very brightly colored shirt, playing the acoustic guitar. A person in a yellow-floral shirt is playing the guitar. A woman in glasses plays guitar. A happy Woman holding a guitar.	A man playing an instrument.	entailment
A female professional swimmer is in the middle of taking a breath in-between strokes during a heat. A swimmer is raising his head for air while he is swimming. A swimmer swimming across a lap pool. A female swimming in a pool.	A woman swimming.	entailment
A dark-haired girl wearing a pink shirt and jean shorts kneels next to children's coloring books laying on a black tarp. A young girl looking at multiple coloring books on the cement floor. A little girl choosing a coloring book from a street vendor display. A little girl is looking at a bunch of activity books.	A child sitting on a sidewalk.	neutral
Men dressed in naval whites are saluting a Navy office walking down a red carpet. Navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by. A group of men in navy uniforms saluting each other. The troops salute their captain.	An officer walking.	entailment
A group of nicely dressed young women in New York City are walking down the street through the rain while carrying black umbrellas and are approaching an intersection. A lot of people walking near a crosswalk in the rain. People with umbrellas walking in the rain. A group of women holding black umbrellas.	A group carrying open umbrellas to protect them from the rain coming down from the sky.	entailment
There are women dressed in black dresses wearing hats and men wearing black suits and white shirts waiting in a line at a food truck. A line of people dressed in 1800s attire wait to order food from a vendor outside. A canteen truck for actors on location filming a period piece about the 1800's. Man people in America Revolution era outfits enter a trailer.	Men stand.	entailment
Man in overalls, plaid shirt and ball cap holding the harness on one of two horses that are facing away from the camera. A man in jean overalls holds onto the leads of a horse hooked onto a pulling system with another horse. An older man adjusting the harness on a donkey. Man in overalls with two horses.	A man standing next to his animals.	entailment
Two women who seem to be enjoying the ocean, one dancing while the other contemplates. Two women, one playing an instrument and one dancing, are at the shore of a beach. One girl holding a violin with another dancing on a beach with waves rolling in. Two women on the beach, one with a violin and the other is dancing.	Ladies sitting.	contradiction
Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone. A man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side. Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone. Two men workers doing their job with their supervisor.	Painters standing.	entailment
A brown and white dog wearing a red collar is standing in the snow. A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow. Large dog out in the snow. A dog above snow.	A boxer leaps.	neutral
A boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background. A child stands in front of an incoming wave as the sun sets. Child playing in waves with sun on the horizon. A boy plays in the surf at sunset.	A child waiting.	neutral
A man and woman wearing different shades of blue are standing close together with their arms around each other. A man and woman in blue shirts cuddle and pose for the camera. Man posing for a picture with his girlfriend. A man and a woman posing.	A couple posing.	entailment
A golden-colored dog, with his eyes alert, holds a brightly colored tennis ball in his mouth. A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth. Dog running with a tennis ball in its mouth A dog has a tennis ball in its mouth.	A dog playing with the green ball.	neutral
The bicycle rider is wearing a yellow jacket and a blue helmet while riding on a road during winter time. A person wearing a yellow coat rides a bike past some snowy rocks. A bicyclist rides down the road near snow. A man in yellow jacket rides a bike.	A cyclist rides his bike on a street.	entailment
A man wearing a green shirt and an orange safety hat works on mechanical equipment inside a fenced area, while a group of people walk on a lawn behind him. Man demonstrating an industrial saw at a fair. A man works outdoors with some machinery A man is milling wood at a festival.	A man operates a machine.	entailment
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her. A young girl jumping in the sand on the beach A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean. A girl jumping high off of the sand.	A child leaping.	entailment
A number of people are sitting around pulled together tables with office supplies on top of it. A group of six people sit around a silver conference table with notebooks and pens. A group of people sitting around a table with paper in front of them. People are in a room discussing around a computer printer.	A group gathers.	entailment
A man stands by as a dog leaps to grab a Frisbee while people sitting on a wall watch. A dog catches a yellow Frisbee thrown by a gray-haired man. A man tossing a Frisbee to his dog that leaps to catch it. A man is watching a dog catch a Frisbee in midair.	Dog jumps.	entailment
Four men seated at a table in a restaurant with another man standing at the table talking. A man in a dark coat has stopped to talk to the group at the table. Man joining four people in a restaurant. A man is talking to men at a table.	Men listening.	entailment
The man is jumping through the air, while holding a bicycle. A cyclist carries his bicycle while jumping over a hurdle. A bicycler jumping over a barrier with his bike. A man jumps across an obstacle carrying his bike	A man doing tricks.	entailment
The person with a helmet is doing a jumping trick on a 4-wheeler. A yellow ATV is airborne in field of long grass. A person riding a yellow ATV over tall grass. A person jumping a 4-wheel off road vehicle.	A man on a four-wheeler jumps.	entailment
Here is a picture of a toddler girl wearing a dress and eating a cookie and holding a bottle of cold water. A little girl with curly hair is sitting on some stairs, drinking a bottled water, and eating a snack. A small girl is sitting on stairs drinking water and eating a snack. A girl is sitting on a stoop with a bottle of water and a snack.	A child sits on the steps having food.	entailment
A young man in a blue shirt is grinding his skateboard at a skate park. A person wearing rollerblades is skating alongside a railing. Man with blue shirt is doing a grind with a skateboard. A man riding a his skates on a sunny day.	A boy skateboarding.	entailment
Two women in dark clothes are taking a picture with a man in a colorful coat. A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies. Three people, faces obscured, standing in formal dress. A group of three people walking together.	Women looking at the camera.	neutral
A three man band is performing on stage. Three musicians standing on a stage Three guys playing music on stage. A band is performing on stage.	Man singing into a microphone on a stage.	entailment
The back of someones head with a ponytail with two females engaged in picture taking behind them. A woman holding a green bad taking a picture of another woman on a bridge. A woman is taking a picture of another woman by the Brooklyn Bridge. A woman with a green bag is taking a picture.	A girl poses.	contradiction
A young man in a white button shirt and black pants assesses a washer in a laundromat. A young man looks inside a washer at a laundromat. Two patrons are washing clothes at the laundromat. People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.	Men checking.	entailment
A snowboarder jumps off of a ramp in the snowy mountains A snowboarder in midair, hovering over a snow ramp. A snowboarder flies through the air. A snowboarder in midair	A snowboarder leaping.	entailment
Two brown-haired men are wearing blue jeans and standing in front of a parked blue semi-truck. Two men are standing outside talking in a city plaza near a large bright blue semi-truck. Two men exchange hello's while a truck waits for them to move. A bright blue semi truck parked in a square.	Gentleman standing.	entailment
Two adults are outside talking, while a little boy watches them. Two people are facing each other in a dirty alley. A woman is talking to a guy on the sidewalk A group of people are waiting outside.	A man leans against a pole.	neutral
A person skis down a snowy and tree-filled hill. A skier is riding skis along a tree lined trail. A person skis through a forest of tall trees. A person skis down a forested hill.	A downhill skier races.	entailment
A man wearing full protective gear is riding a white bull in front of an audience. Spectators are watching a bull rider as the bull is bucking. A group of spectators watch a man ride a bull. A man is on a bucking bull at the Rodeo.	A cowboy rides an animal at a rodeo.	entailment
A man with a beard, curly hair and a beard wearing a green shirt and navy blue jacket standing still looking through his red sunglasses. A man with a green shirt and a beard standing. A man with curly hair and red glasses. A man staring off into the distance.	A man standing on a busy street.	neutral
Three men in a band surround by equipment with all 3 holding guitars and the man in front looking down with a shoulder strap, brown pants and a white shirt. Four men wearing T-shirts and playing musical instruments perform in a band. A band is probably rehearsing for an upcoming show. A band of four young men plays.	A band practicing for a gig.	entailment
Several children sitting down with their knees raised up and light shining on their faces. Three children sitting on the ground. Children watching something happen. Two girls sitting on ground	A group looking at something.	entailment
Two people sit in the dark, on the shore, looking at the city lights. Two people on cots watching the water at twilight. Two people sitting in the shadows near the water. Two people relax by the water.	A couple sitting.	neutral
A young oriental girl with a red bow in her hair holding onto a red rail while riding the train. Young girl looking out the window of the train, waiting for her stop. A girl with dark hair is gazing out the window of a train car. A little girl gazing out the window of a subway.	Child standing on a bus.	contradiction
A very young toddler age girl holding a whisk standing in front of a glass bowl with white powder, and red, yellow, and brown bags that sit on a counter in front of her. A blond baby girl is mixing ingredients in a kitchen. A young girl mixes flour at a kitchen counter. A little toddler learning how to bake.	A child standing.	entailment
A person is standing in the ocean fully clothed holding a fishing pole in one hand and a tackle box in the other. A man holding a fishing pole and tackle box walking in from the ocean. A man in a yellow cap is on the beach carrying a fishing pole. A Man with a fishing pole standing on a beach.	A fisherman stands.	entailment
A vintage photo of a vendor selling Sabrett hotdogs on the sidewalks of the city. A black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground. A man stands at the counter of a street vendor in a city. A man getting some food at a food stand.	A man cooking something.	neutral
A woman with short blond hair smiling and singing into a microphone while a man in a striped shirt, further back, plays an acoustic guitar. A young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone, across stage from a guitar player. A blond woman in a pink striped shirt is singing in a microphone. The boy with the guitar is sitting on a stool.	A guitarist plays in the background.	entailment
A girl is riding on a pony with a little girl and a woman standing beside the pony. A woman and young girl stand next to another young girl sitting on a brown pony. A child rides a pony while an older child and adult stand next to her. Two people are arranged around a horse and its rider.	Children take turns.	neutral
Eight young people are sitting in a rough circle in the grass at the bottom of a slight incline with three trees in the background. A group of multi-ethnic young people sit in a circle on grass next to a hill. A group of young people gather for conversation on a grassy spot. A group of teenagers are sitting together on the grass.	Girls talking.	neutral
Couple talking and looking in same direction, man is using a cellphone and wearing a gray sweatshirt woman is wearing a black coat. A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear. A man on a cellphone standing with a woman. A young couple in a busy city	Guy listens.	neutral
A blond woman dressed in a white skirt with pink polka dots and a "Pink Ladies" leather jacket and a man in a black leather jacket and sunglasses wait on a sidewalk. A woman wearing a pink ladies jacket and polka dot skirt with red shoes stands by a man in a leather coat. The older lady in the white skirt is wearing pink shoes. A couple stand outside in a Grease 50's costume.	A woman holding a bottle.	neutral
A representative of the Museum of Modern Art discussing something with a tourist or benefactor, while a woman in the background goes toward the exit. Two businessmen are talking with a woman in the background. Two professional businessmen having a conversation. You have to answer this to your boss.	A woman stands.	neutral
A band is performing on stage in front of a banner for Good Morning America's Summer Concert Series. A band with three members, guitarist, bassist and drummer, is playing a concert outside. Artists performing during GMA summer concert series. A band is playing at an outdoor music festival.	A man playing an acoustic guitar.	neutral
A view from behind of a girl with a blond ponytail riding a dark brown horse A girl rides on a brown horse down a forest path. A young girl rides on a horse through a trail. A girl is riding horseback.	A child riding an animal in the forests.	entailment
A little girl with flowing long hair is looking at the leaves on a bush. A young girl with a white tank top examines the leaves of a plant. A little girl touches and looks at plant leaves. This girl is plucking the flower from the plant.	Here is a child.	entailment
A group of men gathered around a table preparing to play a card game. Several elderly men are grouped around a table. A group of men sits around a table. Seniors gathered around a table.	Men having a conversation.	neutral
A mother and her daughter are enjoying their Christmas presents. A woman and a girl inside, near some gifts during the holidays. A woman and her granddaughter open Christmas gifts. The older woman is talking to the child.	A little girl holding an animal.	neutral
Two men do karate - one strikes sideways with his arm, while the other kicks straight out in front of him. Two men are performing what looks like martial arts. The man on the left dodges his attacker's strike. Two martial artists sparring as onlooker watch.	Fighters fight in front of a group.	entailment
A group of people are seen in a church singing under a yellow ceiling. A choir dressed in all black is performing for an audience. A group of people in black dresses and robes singing. A chorus performs in a church	A musician sings.	entailment
Three individuals at a desk, one male and one female on one side, and another female on the opposite side, seemingly working on solving a problem. Two women and a man discuss notes in a classroom. Three non-traditional students work on a project. A student is getting some help on her homework.	Woman sitting at a table.	entailment
A guy wearing a black hoodie and sunglasses is speaking into a microphone, while a guy in a ski mask plays a guitar in the background. A guy in a black hoodie standing in front of a Factory sign talks into a microphone. A band dressed in black performs. A band is performing on stage.	Man singing.	entailment
Man in plaid shirt and women in green shirt staring at a crying baby held by the women. A man and woman looking at a baby in a room with a clock on the wall. A couple gaze at a young baby which is crying in a doctor's office. Two parents looking at their crying baby.	A man smiling.	neutral
A little girl in a red shirt is suspended in midair on a contraption, as a man wearing white shorts looks up at her. A girl is bouncing in the air while connected to safety ropes. Three trampolines sit below a bungee swing contraption. A young girl in red is on a bungee jump ride.	A child jumps.	entailment
A horse rider on a brown horse jumping in midair over jump bars. A show jumper is clearing a white fence on his horse. An equestrian clears a jump at a horse show. A horse and rider are jumping over a hurdle.	A woman rides an animal.	neutral
A young baby wearing green is playing with the vacuum hose on the floor. A baby in a green outfit is playing with the hose of a vacuum cleaner. A little baby is playing with the nozzle of a vacuum cleaner. The baby is playing with the sweeper.	A baby sitting.	neutral
The black dog and the white dog seem to be getting ready to fight. A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps. A large white dog growling at a large black dog. A white and black dog wrestle together.	A dog bites.	neutral
A picture of two women with one in lacy white dress with handbag and leggings and the other with a tall red hat, black mid-dress, and frame like plastic dress on top. Two women are posing for a picture; one wearing a white dress, and the other wearing a white and black costume, and tall, red hair. The woman on the left is having her picture taken with another woman who is wearing a tall pink hat. Ladies stand for a picture at an event.	Mother posing.	neutral
A bride and someone from her wedding party, wearing a darker dress, are walking on the beach. A woman in a brown dress and a woman in a white dress walk on the beach. Two women in bridal dresses standing on a beach. A bride and a bridesmaid are on a beach.	A bride holding a bouquet.	neutral
A young person doing a skateboard trick on a cement railing over cement stairs. A boy grinds down the handrail of a stairway with his skateboard. A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail. A skateboarder slides down a handrail.	A skateboarder skating.	entailment
A man with a black cap and blue shirt holding a young girl in a white sweater. An Asian man with a black hat is holding a small Asian girl in her arms. The man with the black hat is holding the little girl. A Chinese man holding a Chinese little girl.	A man looking at a child.	neutral
A little girl is bouncing on a couch in front of a large bay window. A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air. A little girl in pajamas is jumping on the couch. A little girl jumping on a couch.	A child jumping on a bed.	neutral
The guy holding the red and white striped package is drinking from a plastic cup. A man drinking out of a yellow cup around people at a busy event A crowded commercial area in the evening. A man is drinking out of a yellow cup.	A crowd gathered.	neutral
A man in a light colored t-shirt and jeans looks very animated while a woman in a blue and white striped shirt and overalls is preparing food. A man in mid-sentence is gesturing with his hands while a woman beside his is doing something at the kitchen counter. A bearded man gestures with his hands in a kitchen. A man in t-shirt making a gesture.	A couple is at home.	entailment
Man sitting on a chair in the fields carving a statute supported by a tree trunk. In this picture a black man with dreads is working on a carving. A man chisels a sculpture outside on a chair and log. A man chiseling a sculpture, possibly out of stone.	A man shapes a piece of wood.	neutral
Two girls are having what looks to be a friendly pillow fight in the middle of a crowd of onlookers. Girls wearing black are laughing and taking cover in front of a crown and police officer. A crowd, including a police officer, watches as two women have a pillow fight. Two people have a pillow fight in front of a public audience.	A group standing around.	entailment
The woman in the swimming suit is holding up two young girls in swimming suits A woman in a swimming suit holds her two young daughters. A woman and two little girls wearing swimsuits. An African American woman with two young girls.	A woman poses with children.	entailment
A man and woman, both in black, dance outside of a restaurant while an older man is on a microphone. One man has a microphone, while a nearby couple dances. A couple is ballroom dancing in an open room. A couple dances while a man sings	Performers doing a dance.	entailment
A man in a red uniform makes a jump in a dirt bike race. Two people ride bicycles over a bumpy racetrack. A man participates in a BMX race. Two people go dirt bike racing.	Riders racing around a track.	entailment
A group of Arabic looking men walking through the city, two of the men are selling some kind of meat. A man in a white apron and hat is selling meat on a busy street. A crowd is passing by a street vendor in a crowded city. Two men selling food on a busy street.	Chef standing on a street.	entailment
A bearded man is playing a flute alongside a darker complected man that is playing another brass instrument outside in a public place. A bearded man is playing a flute, and a person with dreads who is standing behind him plays another instrument. During a small summer celebration, two adults play the flute and the tuba. Flautist and Baritone play in a campground setting.	Three men work in a bike shop.	contradiction
A girl wearing a dress holds on to both rails of the climbing frame. A young girl hanging from a jungle gym. Girl in dress hanging on orange rails A girl playing on a playground	A child climbing.	entailment
A snowboarder jumps over a wooden structure A man snowboards over wooden snow fences. Snowboarder going over a fence in snow. Person in yellow jacket snowboarding.	A snowboarder flies through the air.	entailment
This man holds a teddy bear by the nostrils with one hand, and a microphone in the other. A man speaking into a microphone with his fingers in a teddy bears nose. A rock singer belts out a tune while holding a menacing stuffed bear. A man is singing on stage with his fingers in a stuffed bear's nose.	A musician singing.	entailment
Five women in red halter tops and short black skirts stand in front of a sports car. Five attractive women wearing black mini-skirts and red tops leaning on a red car. Five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car. A group of women all wearing red standing in front of a car.	Models posing.	neutral
A little girl has her hands in a pool of water that has lilypads. A young girl looks at her hands as she holds them under the water. A young girl has her hands in a tub of water with leaves in it. A girl putting her hands into dirty water.	A child plays in a tub.	neutral
A man in a black shirt is using a hammer on metal pipes. Man working with metal and a burning fire at his side. A man in a black shirt is doing metal work outdoors. A blacksmith hard at work.	An artist creating his works.	neutral
A man and a woman are performing with fire in front of a crowd in an urban concrete park. A male and female fire performer, work their craft in front of an audience. Street performers being watched by an interested crowd. Two people performing tricks with fire for a crowd.	A crowd sitting.	neutral
A woman in a white blouse and gray skirt holds a white umbrella over her head on a sunny day. A woman in a white shirt and gray skirt if standing under a white umbrella. A woman in a white shirt and skirt holding an umbrella. A lady is standing in the sun holding an umbrella.	Women waiting to cross a street.	neutral
Two football teams one team in white and green another team in yellow and black it looks as if a member of the yellow and black team has scored a touchdown. The University of Iowa's Hawkeyes football team, scores a goal in the end zone against the Michigan State Spartans. A football player scores a touchdown as the opposing team tackles him. Two teams playing a game of football.	A runner crosses the line.	entailment
A group of people sitting down and walking around a large rock park. A large group of people explore around a rock structure. People climbing and walking on a large rock formation. People sitting and climbing on large rock formations.	Children playing on rocks.	neutral
A two man band with guitar and drums are playing to an audience in a crowded room. A club or restaurant with a three man band playing while a few people looks on. A band plays live music for a crowd in a small room. A band playing in a bar in front of a crowd.	Band performing at a venue.	entailment
A young woman holding a newborn in her arms while still wearing her hospital bracelet laying on a hospital bed. A topless woman cradles her newborn baby swaddled against her chest in the hospital. A woman holds her newborn infant child. Woman holding a baby in a hospital.	A new mother holding an infant.	entailment
Two gray, speckled dogs running down grass hill, trees in background. Two identical dogs bound across a lush green meadow. Two gray dogs run together over the green grass. Two gray dogs running in green grass.	Large dogs running through a grassy field.	neutral
A leader at the front of a group is holding her hands in the air just like what all of the people facing her are doing. A group of people in a casual clothing on a lawn stretching in a yoga pose. A group of women practice yoga in the backyard of a yellow house. A group of men are women are doing stretching.	A group exercising.	entailment
A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall. A young man wearing a backpack and sunglasses is walking towards a shopping area. A young man in blue sunglasses walking in front of a red brick building. A man dressed in blue is wearing a backpack and shades.	A man crossing a street.	neutral
Senior citizen with blue shirt and blue pants standing outdoors with hands behind his back. An old man wearing a blue shirt is standing against a wall. A man dressed in blue stands against a wall. A man in a blue shirt looks irritated.	An elderly man poses.	entailment
A bicyclist in a striped athletic outfit is leaning against a car and taking a drink. A bicyclist in white and black tights is drinking in front of a mini van. A man sits on bicycle, leaning against a car, drinking a beverage. A cyclist who is resting and rehydrating himself.	A rider sits on a bike.	entailment
The man on the left has a mohawk, tattoo on his right leg, and a kilt, while the man on the right is wearing a black hat, sunglasses, shirt, vest, and shoes. Two large men are dressed in black t-shirts, khaki bottoms, boots, and jewelry with hardware. Two men, one with a mohawk, are standing together on the street. Two men in black shirts pose for a picture.	Men stand in front of a wall.	contradiction
A person walks down a paved path, away from the camera, through a wooded area. A person dressed in all blue walks down a road with tall trees on either side. A person in dark blue walks down a path between trees. A person walking down a wooded path.	Women walking.	neutral
Two children are dressed up like characters in Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' video. A boy and a girl are dressed in colorful costumes. Two people dressed in costumes talk to each other. Two people dressed in costumes.	A man talking.	neutral
A small boy is listening to headphones is front of a building, with a soldier in the background. A young boy smiling runs past a gun toting soldier in the background. A young male child running and smiling quite contently. An dark-skinned little boy with headphones in.	A Boy walking.	entailment
A man in an orange jacket and crazy hat holds eight orange flowers. Man in a London town crier ceremonial uniform holds flowers The man in the fancy outfit is fixing his roses. A man in aged clothing holding flowers	An older man holds a bunch of flowers.	neutral
A guy is standing on an ice patch by the sea, looking through a telescope at sunset. A person stands on a snowy and icy shoreline looking out into the ocean at twilight. A man looking at the scenery through binoculars. A man photographs out off of the frozen land.	Photographer taking pictures.	entailment
The goalie with the blue and white jersey is sliding near the goal posts. A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal. Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net. Hockey goaltender diving	Goalie attempting to block a shot.	entailment
The baby his a Cookie Monster outfit on he is happy he his a Gutter its red A child wearing a shirt decorated with Elmo's face holds a red ukulele. A toddler wearing an Elmo Christmas outfit holds a red guitar. A child wearing a Santa Elmo suit holding a red guitar.	A child playing an instrument.	entailment
A man wearing an orange hard hat is being lowered down the side of a building. A man in orange is hanging by a cable doing some work on a building. A man working on a safety harness in the sky. A man tied to ropes scaling a building.	A worker suspended in the air.	entailment
Men singing blues in one of the lovely orchestra episodes courtesy of Shell corporation of America. A man in a pink short-sleeved shirt, standing in front of a microphone and playing his guitar. A band member in a pink shirt is singing and playing the guitar. A man wearing a pink shirt is playing guitar and singing.	Musician sings.	entailment
People from a foreign village gathering resources. A group of villagers working beside a dirt road. A group of people are outside working. Group of people mining for ore.	Women digging.	neutral
A blond man in a black shirt and shorts sitting at a table eating with a glass of wine. A man in a black shirt eating his meal on a round table. A man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts eating. A man having a meal on a table outside.	A man drinking outdoors.	entailment
Three people are in an alley with a dumpster, one skateboarding over the dumpster while the other two look on. A skateboarder catches air over a dumpster as one friend observes and the other friend jests. A young man skateboards over a commercial trash container while two other guys watch. A man skateboards off a dumpster.	Boys skateboarding in a service drive.	entailment
Some girls jumping rope on a street with a lot of people walking around. Several people dressed in blue, one is twirling a ribbon A girl is jumping rope in a busy public area. Children jumping rope in a street.	Crowd standing on a street.	neutral
A teen in a striped shirt has his one arm around a man in a white t-shirt and the other arm around a young girl. A group of three people pose for a picture with smile while another sits aside without smiling. A group of people are standing together, posing for a picture. Three family members smiling for a picture.	Another boy sits.	neutral
A young lady in her early twenties is sweeping the floor of her kitchen and smiling at the camera. A woman is mopping the kitchen floor in a brightly colored, old-fashioned kitchen. A woman is looking into the camera while using a broom on a kitchen floor. Using a mop on a linoleum floor.	A woman poses for a picture.	entailment
A man playing a guitar while a couple is listening and watching another man dancing to the music. A street performers plays guitar while a man dances and a couple watches. Two people listen to a man playing guitar while another man dances. A couple listening to performers on the street.	A couple sitting.	neutral
A man with a plaid shirt and black hat sits on top of a white horse talking with another man wearing a black shirt and white cowboy hat sitting on a brown horse. A man and young boy get ready to ride their horses while out and about on the ranch. An older man watching as a younger man fiddles with something on his horse. Two men wearing hats sitting on horses.	Man looking in various directions.	neutral
Two workers stretch the canvas of the advertising billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard. Two guys next to a green billboard sign about chicken. Two people in orange shirts hanging a billboard. Two workers installing a new billboard canvas.	Two individuals standing.	neutral
Several African children looking toward the blackboard in school, while two look back toward the camera. School children reading and listening in Africa. A crowded classroom in a third world country. A classroom full of kids of different ages.	Black children sit.	entailment
In what appears to be a ballet or dance routine, two women are lifted by two men. Two young men lift their ballet partners outside. Two women and one man are dancing ballet. Dancers work together outside.	Pairs of performers perform outdoors.	entailment
Two ladies in sweatshirts walk by as the boy in the beanie stares jealously at their balloons. A man and women walks together, both with white shirts, holding balloons. Two people walking down a sidewalk, both of which are carrying balloons. Two people in white sweatshirts are walking carrying balloons.	Another couple sits.	neutral
Several bikers on a stone road, with spectators watching. A peloton is riding bikes through cobblestone. A team of people on a bike race. Bike riders racing on dirt road	Bicyclists racing.	entailment
A young man stands outdoors in front of electronic equipment with his arms folded while another man in the background wears headphones. A man crosses his arms in front of his chest while standing in front of a turntable where a DJ is playing. A smiling man with his arms crossed is listening to a giant boom box. Man looks at old school boom box.	An African American man standing.	neutral
Barefoot girl in a pink shirt tackles the football equipment on the field. A little girl pounces a punching bag on a football field. A girl jumps against a punching bag in a field. A girl jumping over a red punch bag.	A child jumping.	entailment
A man with a backpack standing and resting his bicycle against a couple of mailboxes. A man having some fun in Harlem during one of the celebration holidays of Halloween. A man in a red sweatshirt standing next to a bike and a two mailboxes. A man with a bicycle standing behind some mailboxes.	A man standing on a city sidewalk.	neutral
A woman is holding one young children with another standing next to her while a man is sitting by a small campfire. An African family gathered outside preparing something in a pot over a fire. A family of poor black village people gather around a fire. Five people standing outside posing for a picture.	A group poses for a photo.	entailment
A woman dances in a colorful dress, engaged in a writhing dance taught to her by her elders. A colorfully clothed woman dances to the beat of the drummer shown in the background. Indian woman in beautiful clothing dancing along to music. A woman dancing in with skill in a foreign country.	A man playing a drum.	neutral
A young couple walking by a mural of an ice cream parlor that is painted on a roll up door in a graffiti covered building. Man and woman looking toward the camera while walking in front of a mural. A woman in a blue dress and sunglasses stands in front of a mural. A man and a woman walking in front of a mural.	A man walks past a wall.	neutral
Five people are talking in the night with lit up buildings and people in the background. People talk among themselves near a crowd of people. A large gathering of people in a city area. A group of men speak to a smiling woman.	Men standing around.	entailment
A man dressed in boots and a cowboy hat sits atop a horse that is jumping while spectators sit in the stands. A large man in a white shirt rides a brown horse that is bucking and has its two front feet off the ground. A man in full cowboy attire rides a bucking horse for an audience. A man is astride a rearing horse in an arena full of spectators.	An audience watches.	entailment
A bride with a tattoo, large earrings, and a red sash mingles with guests. A man and women at their wedding reception talking with friends and family. A bride on her wedding day wearing her orange belt. A bride and her groom smiling.	A partner talking.	entailment
Eight people in blue shits and one woman on her cellphone that is wearing a black shirt and a skirt. Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse. A woman talks on the phone as a group of men talk before class. An Asian woman is talking on the phone outside of a hospital.	A group sitting on the wall.	neutral
A street performer is holding something that looks like a bagpipe and someone is holding up a CD of his music with his photo pressed on it. The photographer is holding up a disc that has an image on it that looks similar to the gentleman he is taking a picture of. A man displays a Boja Fadaw scene next to the man himself playing the bagpipes. Boja Tajdaw takes a picture with his instrument.	A man standing on a sidewalk.	entailment
Two women dressed in ethnic garb look out at the distance as the older woman sits on a brick and the younger of the two stands. Two women in colorful clothing rest near a stand with assorted objects and textiles on it. Two women next to a table selling various stuff Two women wearing red skirts.	Another woman standing.	entailment
Four people sitting on a stone wall that overlooks trees and buildings. A group of people sit on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them. Four adults are sitting on a ledge overlooking mountains. Four people sitting on low cement ledge.	A black man sitting.	neutral
There is a large crowd of people watching a soccer game with one team having a mostly black uniform and the other team a mostly white uniform. A handball player prepares to throw in a sea of defenders. Man in black jersey with ball with man in white jersey A man mid-throw during a handball game.	A man playing a sport.	entailment
A room with four people playing bagpipes with a couple other people watching. Two men and one woman are playing bagpipes in a kitchen. People playing bagpipes in a kitchen. A group of people playing bagpipes.	Individuals play instruments.	entailment
The little black and white dog is in the snow with a red ball. A black-and-white dog goes for a flattened ball on the snow. A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow. A dog getting a ball in the snow	A dog playing with an orange ball.	neutral
A girl with brown hair sits on the edge of a cement area overlooking water. A woman in black, seen from behind, sits next to a body of water. A girl sitting outside on concrete near water in a black dress. A dark-haired girl is sitting on the waters edge.	A small girl sits.	entailment
A man dressed as Judge Dredd converses with a woman during a convention. Man in costume talks to a girl in a blue hoodie in a conference center. A man in a superhero costume talks to a girl with a ponytail. A man in a costume talking to a woman in a blue jacket	A man holding a gun.	contradiction
This baseball player, dressed in red and white uniform and holding a bat, is falling after being hit by a pitch. A child in a uniform is falling to the ground with a bat in his or her hand. A baseball hitter holding a bat falling down. A baseball player runs on the field.	A boy playing a game.	entailment
A young male in light pants and navy jacket does a head spin on a wooden floor for an audience. A breakdancer spins on his head on a wooden floor while a crowd watches. One man, surrounded by a group of people is breakdancing on his head! A man breakdances on his head in the middle of the dance floor.	A performer standing on his head.	entailment
A man in a red and blue baseball uniform is holding a bar on a baseball field in a stadium. A man stepping up to the plate getting ready to bat. A male baseball player preparing to go to bat. A man preparing to bat in a baseball game.	Teammates watch.	neutral
A girl in a dress is jumping in the air with legs bent while another girl in pink watches. A girl jumps into the air while another girl watches. Two little girls jump above the floor. The two little girls jump on the bed.	Another child standing.	contradiction
A crowd of law enforcement officers who are all in uniform are blocking off a street in a crowded neighborhood. A group of officers dressed in black uniforms and boots are lined across a city street. About 16 men dressed in police uniforms are gathered in the middle of a city street. A group of security persons dressed in black uniforms gather on a downtown street.	A crowd standing.	entailment
A man in a white shirt and glasses is playing the guitar and sitting next to a woman also dressed in white. An Asian man is playing guitar while a woman is sitting on a couch. A man in white shirt play guitar to a woman in a white shirt. A man is playing a guitar while sitting beside a woman.	A man singing.	contradiction
An older man with glasses and a white beard is walking along the sidewalk of a road. A man wearing a brown jacket and blue jeans is reaching into his pocket. An old man white a white beard is wearing a dark hat and a dark jacket. A man with a white beard walks down a city street.	A man stands outside.	contradiction
A man playing his guitar on a beautiful Sunday morning. Man is playing his guitar in the street. Hipster performs on the acoustic guitar. A street performer with a guitar.	A man playing an instrument on a corner.	entailment
A child is walking through wet sand wearing a blue shirt. The child in the blue shirt is running through the sand. A little kid wearing a hat is walking in the wet sand. A boy wearing a white hat is running on the beach.	A small boy standing.	contradiction
Two gentlemen gaze at their crops just outside of a forested area. Two men are looking at their crops in a tropical looking area. Two black men observe crops in a field. Two men are walking along a path.	Men inspecting plants.	entailment
A young woman is standing on the grass with a video camcorder in her hand A smiling young brunette woman carries a black video camera in her hand. A white woman holding a Panasonic video camera in a park. A woman holding a video camera.	A woman walks.	neutral
A man wearing a cone shaped thatch hat is balancing two heavy items attached to the ends of a pole that is resting on his shoulder. A Chinese man wearing a traditional Chinese rice hat carries a balanced load across his shoulder with the use of a long stick. A person wearing a paddy hat carries a load in the traditional way. A man walking through town carrying his goods.	An Asian man walking down a street.	entailment
A blond woman in a multicolored shirt poses with a curly-haired man in a black tank top. Blond-haired woman and brown-haired man wrap an arm around each other. A woman in a multicolored shirt, and a man, smile. The peoples dancing with laughing	A couple takes a break.	neutral
A woman wearing a brown jacket, a brown scarf and carrying a brown purse and white bag walks down a street in a busy neighborhood. A woman with a large scarf walks the paved sidewalk and reaches into her purse. The streets are busy and people contemplate their futures. A woman in a tan jacket walks down a busy sidewalk.	A woman thinks.	neutral
A man with a brown coat and blue headscarf is kneeling and tuning a guitar. A man playing a guitar outside a building with colorful decorations A man with a bandanna on the side of the road plays his guitar. The young man is tuning his guitar.	A man on a street standing.	contradiction
The corner cafe is busy today, with a construction crew stopping by on their lunch break. A group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food. Several men in yellow and green vest in a cafe having lunch. A group of firemen and other customers in a shop.	Construction workers take a break.	entailment
Two horses and jockeys are jumping over a barrier that they pushing down as they jump. The jockey in red and blue stripes is losing the horse race. Two jockeys riding their horses and jumping over a fence. Two jockeys on their horses on a racetrack.	Animals running.	entailment
A young man in a vest is at a grill and pointing a finger while smiling at someone. A young man in front of a grill laughs while pointing at something to his left. A man in a formal outfit grilling or maybe cleaning his grill. A man in an olive green vest is grilling.	He cooks.	entailment
A bird is flying through the air while children are playing on the beach. A bird is flying on the beach as a girl runs in the sand. A bird flies over the water near a beach full of people. A brown bird flies off to the right at a crowded beach.	A seagull flies.	neutral
A big black dog with fluffy fur runs in the surf of a rocky shore. The black dog is in the water on the shore. The black dog is running through the water. A black dog splashes in the water.	A dog jumps.	neutral
Several children sitting down with their knees raised up and light shining on their faces. A group of children looking at something off-camera. Three children sitting on the ground. Children watching something happen.	Two girls sitting.	neutral
Two boxers are ready for their fight as the crowd watches with anticipation. Two men are in a boxing ring staring at each other with their guards up. In this photo, two men are boxing. Two men pretending to be boxing.	Fighters competing.	entailment
Several bikers are going down one side of a four lane road while passing buildings that seem to be composed mostly of shades of brown and peach. A peloton of bicyclists riding down a road of tightly packed together houses. A bunch of bike riders, riding down the road on a cloudy day. View of bicyclists from behind during a race.	Cyclists pedaling.	entailment
A little Asian girl in a polka dot shirt is being carried on the back of an Asian woman wearing a hat. A small Asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat. A woman wearing a hat carrying a little girl on her back. A woman carries a young, tired child on her back.	Woman walking.	entailment
Two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side. Two men wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking near a body of water during sundown. Two men stand beneath a tree as they watch the sunset over the ocean. Two mature hikers take a break and admire the sunset over the lake.	Men playing golf.	neutral
An African-American band is playing outdoors on a stage surrounded by trees. An African American man in a brown shirt is singing on a stage. Man singing on a stage with band. A musical event in the park.	A lady sings.	contradiction
A small, skinny, black child hanging on a piece of wood looking at a white woman. The young boy looks at the woman like she has no idea what he's been through. A little African boy looks curiously at an adult white female. A child and woman exchange glances.	A lady sits.	neutral
A person on a brown horse wearing jeans, a plaid shirt, and a cowboy hat attempts to lasso a running calf. A man in a cowboy outfit riding a horse and chasing a small bull. A man in a plaid shirt and a cowboy hat rides a brown horse. A woman is riding on a horse is beat a cow.	An animal chasing an animal.	entailment
Three adults are walking around on tall grass next to a road. Three people are walking through a field of tall grass. These people are walking through a field of weeds. Three people walking through a small field.	A man walking.	neutral
A small and gray dog chases a large bull who is jumping away from it. A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog. A small dog chasing after a bucking cow A dog is herding a bucking cow.	A dog playing with an animal.	entailment
A woman is pushing a man in a wheelchair toward the camera on a brick street while other people are passing behind them. A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair; in the background is an arch. A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair in a European courtyard. A woman pushing a man in a wheelchair outside.	A man sits.	entailment
A crowd of adults, many drinking, socializing at a party A lot of people standing and socializing with each other. Several people standing around at a party. People mingle in a crowded bar.	A group talking.	entailment
A young black man is skateboarding on a smooth concrete surface. One man is riding an orange skateboard at a skateboard park. Skateboarder at the park enjoying the day. Boys skating on the wave	A guy listens.	contradiction
The martial artist in the foreground lands a kick on his opponent's thigh, while the crowd and judges watch from a distance. A martial artist lands a blow to the thigh of his opponent while a referee throws up his hand. Two young men are fighting with each other in a martial arts competition. Two martial arts fighters spar at a competition.	Men participate in a match.	entailment
A man uses two sticks to control two tan goats in a pen while a black and white dog watches. A black and white dog is staring at two brown lambs. A man in a pink shirt herding goats in a ring The dog is herding sheep into a pen.	A cowboy stands.	neutral
A young boy in khaki overalls is holding a book about Elmo with lots of other books scattered around. A young boy enjoys several children books scattered on the floor, next to a shelf of toys. A child plays with books on the floor. A toddler is looking at books.	A child sitting in his room.	neutral
Young ladies working on their computers, studying and relaxing at the same time. Two girls are sitting on the floor in a hallway while on their laptops. Some ladies are laying down outside and using laptop computers. Two young women sit outside while they use their computers.	A student waiting.	neutral
There is lady with the white apron has an utensil standing over a wok, a man in blue shorts and blue shirt sitting down, a person in a pink shirt and others are in the background all in one place. A lady attired in an apron stands over a kettle, preparing food, while patrons sit, chat, and dine in the background. A Hispanic woman is using an outdoors wok to cook. An Asian woman is cooking in an outdoor kitchen.	Group sitting at tables.	entailment
Two young blond women wearing summer dresses talk to a young blond man wearing a dress navy uniform, in front of a battleship. Two women and a man are standing next to the ocean looking at a battleship. Sailor accompanied by two women, standing by the shore. Two women are talking to a man in a cap.	An officer stands.	entailment
Seven people are posing with big smiles among several dogs. Female friends gather their dogs outside in a fenced area. A variety of people squatting with their dogs. A group of people are posing with their dogs.	A group kneeling.	neutral
A group of five firefighters standing on a roof checking something out. Five firemen are on the roof of a house discussing the situation. Firefighters stand on the roof of a building surrounded by trees. Fireman on roof with ladder and trees in the background	Several men stand.	entailment
A black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background. Two men in karate uniforms, one with red gloves and belt and the other with blue gloves and belt, box, while the man in blue is making a face as if her were screaming. Two men are competing with each other in a martial arts sport. A martial arts competition between a blue and red belt.	Two boys sparring.	contradiction
Blond three year old standing on a Christmas present on Christmas morning. A small child in red pajamas stands on top of a wrapped present. A young child looking very excited about a Christmas gift. A toddler in a red jumpsuit stands atop a present.	A toddler smiles.	entailment
In the cockpit, a pilot wearing a bright yellow vest presses buttons on the over-head control panel. A runway guide with a green vest checks the controls in an airplane A man wearing a safety jacket is in the cockpit of an airplane. Pilot in a cockpit in a green vest about to flip a switch.	A guy sitting.	entailment
A man wearing a red shirt is reaching out for his hat that fell while he is walking a tightrope. A man in a red shirt grabbing a top hat while standing on a rope with six other people looking on. A man is balancing on a rope in public with silver boots. Man sitting on a wire while crowd on the street looks.	A crowd of onlookers watch.	entailment
A young man with sunglasses and a blue tank top is playing guitar and kicking up his right leg. A boy in a blue tank top is playing the bass guitar with one foot in the air. The man with the guitar kicking up his right leg as he play his guitar. A white male playing a bass guitar and kicking into the air.	A man playing an instrument on stage.	entailment
Two young people in a department store roughhousing on a couch. Two young people rough-housing on furniture in a value store. A woman play hitting a man on a couch in a department store. A girl in a red plaid shirt with blue jeans making a fist.	A girl sitting on a couch.	neutral
A bird flies through the air with wings extended. An eagle swoops down low almost to the ground. The eagle is flying low to the ground. An eagle flies through the air.	A black and white animal flying.	neutral
A woman with dark hair and glasses sits alone at a table with two coffee cups and saucers. A woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee. A woman enjoying coffee at a cafe. A woman sits in a cafe at night.	A woman makes a gesture with her hands.	contradiction
A man and a woman are seated holding musical instruments while another woman stands at a podium. An audience are watching two seated musicians and a speaker standing at a podium. A musical trio - two females and a male - is performing in an auditorium Three musicians join each other in song on a stage.	A man with a guitar singing.	neutral
A small group of older people sitting on benches watching the waterfront on a sunny day. Three individuals are sitting outside on brown benches next to the water. Some people sit on public benches in front of the ocean. Three people are sitting at benches overlooking water.	Two men sitting.	neutral
Two workers in construction working together to accomplish task. Two men working at a construction site in Charlotte, NC. Two men in uniform are tugging at a large cable wire. Two workers working on the gulf.	Men working on a piece of machinery.	neutral
A man in a purple outfit milking reindeer with a forest in the background. A person in a purple jacket is squatting around several moose. A woman in a hat tends to a herd of reindeer in a field. Woman surrounded by forest tending to a moose	A woman crouched down.	neutral
A person rides a moped while women sit on a bench surrounded by pigeons. A street with pigeons, a motorcyclist and a woman on a bench. A man riding a motorcycle down the sidewalk. The birds are in the street.	Two woman eating at a table.	contradiction
A man in a cowboy hat walking with to other men in cowboy hats behind him. A busy street filled with men wearing cowboy hats Two men wearing white cowboy hats. Multiple men wearing cowboy hats.	A man looks to his left.	neutral
A group of people gather outside on the pavement, some standing, some sitting. A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night. Group of people standing and sitting outdoors. Young adults gather near a bright light.	A bunch of people sitting.	entailment
A group of people playing soccer on a soccer field in front of a crowd. Here is a picture of a soccer game during halftime. Two teams playing soccer in a packed stadium. An audience watching a soccer game.	A group waiting.	neutral
A large group of dogs walking in a body of water. A group of dogs standing in a river. There are six dogs in the water Dogs play in creek.	Dogs swimming.	entailment
A man wearing glasses is reading his cellphone and holding a drink in the other hand. A man stares intently at his cellphone as he carries a green-colored drink. The young man is holding a drink and checking his cellphone. A man holds a drink in one hand and looks at his cellphone.	A man uses his phone.	entailment
Three hard hat construction workers taking a break near their plant. Construction workers take a break outside of a building. Three construction workers take a break on the sidewalk. Three workers taking a break.	Three men sitting.	entailment
A small dog is jumping on the dirt in front of some water A furry white dog playing in the sand. Dog on a rock next to water. A dog jumping at the beach.	A muddy dog runs.	neutral
Three African American youths playing volleyball at a park. Some African American young adults are playing volleyball. Three men are playing volleyball in a park. A volleyball player spikes the ball.	A guy jumping.	entailment
A speaking woman at a podium has the phrase "Armenian Genocide" written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits. A lady is giving a speech dealing with the Armenian genocide. A woman speaks at a podium surrounded by religious men. A woman speaking at an Armenian Genocide event	A woman talking into a microphone.	entailment
The woman is wearing a yellow coat and is walking down a city block that seems upset. Older female walking down city sidewalk in a yellow jacket holding a black Zales bag. An older woman walking with a look of distress on her face. A woman is walking along the sidewalk.	A woman crying.	neutral
Four people sit and listen to a woman in a blue scoop neck talk with two bystanders in the background. A woman in a blue shirt is speaking with two other women and a man, who is wearing glasses. A group of people in an office having a conversation. A group of people are talking in a workplace.	Man looks at something.	neutral
Two adults and a little boy sit on a homey exterior porch in front of an exotic flora and fauna nature scene. A middle-aged man talking to his daughter and playing with his grandchild. A female looks on as a man restrains a young boy. A family sitting out on their deck.	A man holding a glass.	neutral
Three people posing for a picture at a messy table with the girl in the middle wearing a yellow shirt with a drawing of a woman on it. Three people (two ladies and one man) sitting outdoors having an Asian meal served on leaves. Two women and a man are eating beans and rice off of large leaves. Two women and a man finishing their food at an outdoor table.	Friends smile.	neutral
A young boy sits with a friend on a train track that appears to be under construction. Two men sitting on a railroad tie showing the camera something in his hand. A kid is sitting on newly constructed railroad tracks Boys are sitting on pieces of track.	Two kids eating food.	contradiction
A color guard representing the various arms of the Armed Services march in a parade. A military section of a parade is marching with many different flags. Marines dressing uniform walking in a parade carrying their colors. Soldiers march up the street during a parade.	A group walking.	entailment
Young man wearing a blue jacket, green shirt and denim jeans is photographed by person in beige jacket and burgundy pants while four onlookers watch on an expanse of sand. Kid in a blue jacket jumping in the air while people observe. A man is jumping in front of a group of people. We won the race and the money.	Boy jumps.	entailment
Two men work together to attach pieces of wood in a room set up for carpentry. Two men are working on a wooden structure in their warehouse. Two men are working on a carpentry project with hand tools. Two men are working on putting together a wooden frame.	Men building something.	entailment
A laughing young girl in a green and pink shirt sits in her bed with toys and a blue blanket around her. A little girl wearing a green and pink shirt is sitting on a bed and smiling. A little girl giggles and smiles happily as she kneels on her bed. A blond-haired girl sitting on a bed	A child kneeling.	entailment
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and putting their feet on the seat. A motorcycle rider starts to sand up on the seat of his white motorcycle. This person is doing a stunt on a motorcycle. A motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike.	A man stands on a motorbike.	entailment
A skateboarder in a green shirt is taking a jump of a step in front of a pink building. A person in a green shirt on a skateboard jumping off of a short set of stairs. A guy on a skateboard, jumping off some steps. He is in the air on his skateboard.	A boy jumps high.	neutral
A group of girls join hands while being surrounded by dancing women. People are dancing in a circle around a group a young girls. Several women are performing a dance at a formal event. These kids look like they are doing a handshake.	Women smile.	neutral
Several shirtless dark-skinned men with their arms held high engaged in a ceremony. Shirtless men in matching clothing raise their hands into the air. A bunch of shirtless guys with their hands up in the air. One group of people with their hands up.	A man standing with his back against a post.	contradiction
An older man wearing a white shirt with a black tie and a black cap is standing on the street. Older man in a white shirt and a black tie wearing a black beret and walking down the street. An old ban with a black hat and tie walks down a city street. A man in a black hat is wearing a black tie.	A gentleman walking.	entailment
A man in a white shirt and a denim pants reading some postings on the board. People are standing on a walkway reading post places on a wall. A crowd of people looking at a bulletin board in Chinese. People are looking at papers hanging on a wall.	Families check.	neutral
Two women in uniforms are standing in the middle of a street in front of an ambulance. Two women wearing emergency gear are standing in front of an ambulance. Two emergency responders are at the scene of an incident. Two women talk next to an ambulance.	Another woman holding a cane.	neutral
A man with a beer and another man facing each other, talking. Two men having a conversation in an outdoor public area. Two men, one enjoying a beer, have a discussion. Two older men are having a conversation at a park.	Man holding a beverage.	entailment
A woman with a bottle of champagne and a man with wild hair standing in front of a crowd of people in the street. A young couple are outside among many other people and the young lady is holding a champagne or wine bottle. A girl is holding a bottle of wine or champagne and smiling. People partying outside of a concert.	Woman drinks from beverage.	contradiction
Several mothers carry their babies through the unpaved roads of their village. Some African people are milling about on a dirt road in a neighborhood. A young mother and her baby walk along a street. A girl holds a baby in a poor area.	A group walking.	entailment
Two people dressed in black sweatshirts are enjoying athletic activities on a deserted beach. A person dressed in black clothing is jumping on a beach. A man in a black hoodie is jumping over a log. Two friends having a great day on a beach.	Someone leaps.	entailment
The black dog and the white dog seem to be getting ready to fight. A large white dog growling at a large black dog. A white and black dog wrestle together. A white dog bites at a black dog.	A dog snarls.	entailment
Two young boys diving headfirst into water with small waves on it. Two children are diving side by side into a river. Two people dive headfirst into the water. Two people diving into a body of water.	Children jumping.	entailment
A family is enjoying a sunny day, while laying on the green grass. Three teenagers laying in a field and socializing with each other. A family of three bask in the sun in a park. A family doing a picnic in the park.	A woman and little boy sitting.	neutral
Two girls and one in a white tank top writing on white paper or cloth. Two young women are writing on a banner. Two women writing on a banner in marker. Two women are writing on a sheet.	Women signing a poster.	neutral
Several male cheerleaders hold up several female cheerleaders by one leg as they stand on a track. Yell leaders in black uniforms are holding up cheerleaders on a red track. A group of cheerleaders holding other cheerleaders in the air. Both male and female cheerleaders practice their routine.	A group performs stunts.	entailment
A large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling. Two black and white dogs are playing together outside. A smaller puppy playfully nips at a larger dog. A big dog sniffs a little dog.	A dog sits.	neutral
A man wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts is holding a newborn baby who is yawning. A man with brown hair and a blue shirt is holding a baby with its mouth open. Man holding crying baby in chair near window. A man holding a newborn baby.	A new parent holding his newborn.	entailment
A group of men playing against each other in a football match. These people are playing a soccer type game. Five men playing in a soccer game People outside playing soccer.	Rugby players competing in a match.	contradiction
A little blond girl wearing a hooded jacket, purple pants, and pink rain boots is putting a stick into a river with rocks and grass in the background. A girl wearing a black jacket and pink boots is poking in the water of the creek with a stick, from the creek bank. A little girl is squatting next to a body of water while poking a stick into it. A little girl near a body of water pokes a stick into it.	A child holding a stick.	entailment
A woman in a gray shirt is hunched over, with her arm on her hip. A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something. A woman in a gray shirt is posing for a camera. The girl in the gray shirt has very dark hair.	A woman stands.	neutral
A well-seasoned jazz musician playing his saxophone performing at a local concert. Elderly man with a floral shirt playing the saxophone into a microphone. A man in a blue shirt with white flowers is playing a saxophone. A man with silver hair and a beard plays the saxophone.	An older man plays an instrument.	entailment
Two children are smiling for picture being taken of them in a swimming pool. Two smiling children in a swimming pool. Two children relaxing by the pool. Two girls in a swimming pool.	A woman floats.	neutral
A man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums. A young man with long hair sits at a drum set on stage. Long-haired drummer lays down the beat. A long-haired guy playing the drums.	A musician playing the instruments.	entailment
Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen. Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant. Workers prepare the restaurant for hungry customers. Three men are preparing food in a kitchen setting.	Men cooking.	entailment
A man wearing a red cap and shades, is singing into a microphone, as he is playing a guitar that has "Whatever it Takes" written on it. A man wearing sunglasses is playing a guitar and singing into a microphone. A guy playing a guitar with "Whatever it takes" written on it. A man playing the guitar and singing.	A musician singing a song.	entailment
A young teenage girl talks to another teenager with a red sweatshirt. A girl smiles at another girl in a group of people hanging out. Girl wearing a hat and holding her bike talks to her friend. A girl in pink giving another girl a hug.	Children talking to another.	contradiction
Two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together, facing towards the water and away from the camera. There are two girls dressed in exercise clothing obviously doing an exercise on a beach. Two young women, both with long brown hair, practicing yoga on a rocky beach. Two women, on a beach doing yoga.	Women working out.	entailment
Children playing soccer with a yellow ball on a bright green field in the city. Young children playing soccer with a yellow soccer ball score a goal. Children, some in red and some in neon yellow, are playing soccer. Young boy kicks the yellow ball into the goal.	Kids competing.	entailment
A man and a woman are having a conversation, while the man drinks a beer. A man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk. A man holding a beer has a conversation with a woman. A man drinks a beer while conversing with a woman.	A man has a beverage.	entailment
The woman in the black shirt attempts to find her bike in the midst of the crowded street. Two Asian girls getting prepared to ride their bikes, from a mass of others in a line. A busy street has several people all around and bicycles lined up in a row. A crowd of people around a bike rail.	Two girls stand.	neutral
A curly brown dog runs across the lawn carrying a toy in its mouth. A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth. The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in its mouth. A brown dog frolics in a field carrying a plush toy	A dog jumps.	contradiction
Asian kids who are wearing backpacks are standing in front of a yellow school bus. A group of students are outside, waiting, in front of a yellow school bus. A group of students wearing backpacks wait at a bus stop. A bunch of kids waiting for the school bus.	Students sit.	neutral
Two men in a foreign country smiling, one standing and one sitting with his legs crossed. A man sits on a colorful man-drawn carriage, while another man stands beside it. Two boys pose for a picture with their rickshaw. Two black males in front of a rickshaw.	Men hanging out next to a cart.	entailment
A little girl with her face painted is swinging a stick at a pinata surrounded by a group of onlookers. A little girl with makeup on her face hits a pinata with a stick while others look on. A little girl with a face-painting swinging a stick at a pinata. A young girl attempting to break open a pinata.	Children watch.	neutral
A person with a bag walking in a big city. People walking a standing in a city park. A woman in a black suit is walking by. A person is walking with a white bag.	Man carrying a white bag.	neutral
An official in a white shirt riding a black and white motorcycle. An older man in a white shirt riding a motorcycle. A policeman is riding a motorcycle. A policeman sits on his motorcycle	A gentleman riding a bike.	entailment
A man with a bullhorn behind signs referencing water with three other people in the background near a table. A man on a megaphone protesting with three kids in the back. Here is a man who is protesting against bottled water. The man with the megaphone is protesting.	A man using a bull horn.	entailment
A large group of young women outside, all wearing the same blue tracksuit, waving and smiling at the camera. Twenty four excited teenage girls, posing for a photo at a high school football stadium. A group of girls in uniform are having their picture taken near a football field. Students in uniform pose for a picture during a football game.	Girls stand.	entailment
Two women - one in a tan jacket, the other in a blue jacket - are taking photographs of three male street performers, as onlookers watch. Three males perform acrobatic maneuvers on a beach while spectators look on and take pictures. A group of men do tricks on the beach, while a crowd looks on and takes pictures. A group of men do gymnastics on the beach while a crowd watches.	A crowd gathers.	entailment
Toddler dressed in blue and red holding blue and red ball A little boy starts to toss a mini basketball. A small boy lifts a red and blue ball. A little boy throws a basketball.	A child kneels.	neutral
While one white dog is outside the pool, another white dog with a black spot on its back is jumping into a plastic swimming pool while getting sprayed by a garden hose. A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool. A terrier is sprayed by a hose while jumping in a pool. A dog is hosed as it jumps into a kiddie pool.	A dog with patches run.	neutral
A group of people are standing near microphones and singing from papers. A group of people holding papers around a microphone stand. A group of more than 8 is speaking into microphones. A bald man looking at a gray-haired man conducting.	Performers sing a song.	entailment
A young woman in a blue tank top and baseball cap dances along a beach barefoot. A woman with a form of arms spread and one leg up on the shore of the ocean. A woman in a blue top and hat is stretching or performing yoga on the beach. A woman in a blue tank top is exercising at the beach.	Women having fun.	contradiction
A man and woman walk away from the camera as a redheaded man walks in the other direction. Young adults dressed casually walk around in a field. People meandering around in a grassy area with trees. People are walking around a park area.	Pedestrians walk.	entailment
A woman wearing jeans and a green t-shirt jumps in front of a silver statue outdoors. Girl in green shirt hopping and skipping happily. An woman is posing for the camera in the park. A woman hops in front of a metal sculpture.	A woman leaping.	entailment
Five people are in a room with a bookcase and chairs, 2 standing and 3 sitting. Five young women are gathered together in a room with green and blue chairs. Five young women are in a room interacting with one another. Five young women are interacting around a table.	A group of girls hangs out.	entailment
This Nanny is being attentive to the two children seen in the picture, and has two other strollers close as well. A child is looking at a woman while another child sits in a stroller. Two children are using strollers while an older woman observes. A child in an orange short is looking at a woman in glasses.	A little girl sitting.	neutral
A child is being swung by her arms while another child watches. A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand. A child is sprawled underneath a blanket in midair. The little girl is being swung around by her arms.	Another child sits.	neutral
A woman sings and plays guitar while young adults mill around in the background. A woman is performing with a guitar in the middle of a crowded space outside. A young woman singing and playing guitar in a performance. A singer is performing before a small crowd outside.	A musician singing.	entailment
Two young girls stand in the dirt road and smile at the camera. Two young, dark-skinned girls are smiling and laughing. Two smiling girls stand on a dirt road in India. Two young girls are smiling at the camera.	Children standing on a street.	entailment
A man in a red coat and a fedora is playing a trumpet while fellow musicians sit nearby. A man in a bright red jacket playing the trumpet with other musicians. A musician in a red jacket plays trumpet in front of a band. A man in a red coat and black hat plays a trombone.	A man performing on stage.	entailment
Two puppies inside a vehicle are watching a woman exit another vehicle close by. Two dogs in a parked red car watch a woman with sunglasses emerge from her car. Two dogs in a red vehicle looking at a woman getting out of her vehicle. Two white dogs are watching a lady while they are in a red truck.	Two small dogs sitting.	neutral
An elderly man dressed in a red vest, bowtie & straw hat is holding a saw and speaking into a microphone. A man in a red vest and straw pork-pie hat holds a saw and bow and speaks into a microphone. A man with a red vest and black bowtie is speaking into a microphone. A man speaks about a saw.	A man standing in front of a microphone.	entailment
A large amount of people sit outside some sort of water related event with Canadian flags. A gathering where many people are holding Canadian flags Two blonds show their Canadian pride. Two women wearing red are standing.	Women facing away from the camera standing.	neutral
A person in a black shirt and red dress and a monkey mask is being lifted into the air by his or her partner while a group of people look on. A sitting crowd is watching one man, wearing a red shirt and black pants and suspenders, lift another man, wearing a mask, into the air. People watch as a man in an orange shirt holds someone with a baboon mask over his head. Costumed revelers enjoy a cloudy day at the park.	Performers dance.	entailment
This is a teen or young adult with braids in their hair sitting in a chair with a yellow pillow in their lap. A boy with dreads in his hair and wearing a kilt sitting in a chair. A female with dreadlocks sits down and holds a pillow. A man in a green kilt is relaxing on the sofa.	A white man smiling.	neutral
A machine lifting dirt in front of an apartment building. A bulldozer is scooping up soil in a building foundation. A yellow construction machine is digging. A backhoe digs out dirt at dusk.	A man uses vehicles.	entailment
The girl in the white shirt has a bracelet on and has her arm around the girl in the peach shirt. Two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground Two little girls are laying on the grass smiling. The two girls laid on the grass together.	Children hug each other.	entailment
A man wearing a yellow safety vest watches other workers on machinery. Construction workers are working on a project at night. A construction worker is resting for a bit. A work man in a yellow shirt working.	Worker building something.	entailment
A man is on the side of a mountain and hiking around huge rocks. A man stands on the rocky ledge of a large cliff. A person stands atop a rock face. The man is on the mountainside.	A man climbing the side of a wall.	contradiction
An elderly female is eating something tasty. A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands. An ugly woman is trying to eat something. Fat woman is eating food.	A woman makes a funny face.	neutral
A group of men standing in an sporting goods store. Four guys inside of a bicycle shop. Some people are in a bicycle shop. A few people stand in a bike shop.	Men reading something.	neutral
A group of men stand around a table looking at different kinds of CDs. Several young men in t-shirts sort through CD's on a table. People are checking out CDs on an counter. Young men search through compact discs.	Men browsing.	entailment
A cyclist is riding along a white line in a busy city center. Pedestrians and bikers crossing a busy street A stop action picture of a woman on a bicycle The city at night.	A girl riding a bike.	contradiction
A blond girl with a leather jacket on smiles at her friend while they stand in the rain at a concert. A blond girl having a conversation with her brunette friend at an outdoor concert venue in the rain. At an outdoor concert, blond and a brunette are caught in the rain. A blond woman speaking to a brunette woman with her arms crossed.	Girls laughing.	neutral
A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt, wearing a bib number from a marathon, holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress. Mother and daughter posing for a photo after winning an award A blond woman and a brunette woman pose with a trophy. Two girls pose with trophy at crowded event.	Mom stands.	neutral
A woman takes her ticket at the deli, while a man in the background makes his order. A woman in a white tank top and sunglasses on her head is touching something. A woman in a white sleeveless t-shirt is ordering food at a bakery. Woman opening her purse in a Canadian bakery.	Woman standing.	neutral
Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches. Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls Several children playing in a ball pit. Three children in a ball pit.	Children slide while another child looks on.	neutral
A musician playing an accordion in front of a green doorway while sitting on a milk crate. A man with glasses sits on a milk crate in front of a green door playing the accordion. A man sitting on a crate playing the accordion in front of an old building. A man on a milk crate plays the accordion.	A bald man with a beard plays an instrument.	neutral
A dirt biker in red speeds on clay road while being videotaped by a man in black. An off road biker is photographed as he performs another stunt in the dirt. A man wearing a red uniform rides his bicycle up a rocky hill The guy in red on a dirt bike is getting photographed.	Someone takes a picture.	entailment
Two athletes, one female and one male are running down a rain drenched street. A man and a woman are competing in a road rice. Athletes are running in an event. Two people run in a race.	Runners running.	entailment
A man and a woman are competing in a race. Two friends run in a competitive race. A man and woman are running in a race. A guy and a girl running.	Individuals running.	entailment
Lots of shoppers in the rain, holding umbrellas, to the left of the picture is a market stall. A crowd of people holding umbrellas go about their every-day business. Passersby holding umbrellas shop for vegetables at a street market. A throng of people fill the street market.	A bunch of person walking.	entailment
They are having a karate class, a karate is part of self-defense A young boy at karate class kicks his leg high into the air. A young buy kicking in his karate gi next to another child. A boy in karate class kicks in unison with his classmates.	Kids practicing martial arts.	entailment
A kid blocks a goal during a soccer game as other kids stand in the background. The blond boy is stretching in front of the soccer goal. A young boy dives for a ball near a soccer goal. A boy plays goalie at a soccer game.	A player dives.	entailment
A lady in a black dress, black boots and black jacket walks in front of blurred people. A beautiful woman in a black dress is walking on the street. A woman in a black dress is walking in the street. A brunette wearing a little black dress walking.	A woman glancing.	neutral
A black dog running through a grassy field A dog running fast with ears flying. A black dog runs through a field. Black dog running in swampy grass	A dog running towards the camera.	neutral
Woman sells dates and nuts to patron in blue and white striped shirt. A man buys fruits from an older woman at a market. A man is buying his vegetables in the market. Several people are at a produce stand.	A man standing at a counter.	entailment
A group of children being entertained by a group of entertainers while at a youth camp. A class of students are seating on the lawn listening to music. A drummer gives a performance to a group of children. A man in a bandanna is facing girls in blue shirts.	A group sitting.	entailment
Two brown dogs are playing on the grass, and one of them is carrying a red ball. The two dogs, one holding a ball in its mouth, run through the grass. The little brown dogs with floppy ears are playing with a red ball. The dogs run and play with a red ball.	Another dog bounds towards the camera.	neutral
A male bicyclist trying to get something from his backpack on a busy street. A biker, with a blue helmet, reaches for his bag. A man checks his gear while out on a bicycle ride. A man in a blue and black helmet on a bicycle.	A man sits on a bike.	entailment
A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow. A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks. Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread. Several birds flying in front of trees.	Animals chasing another animal.	entailment
A shirtless man is rock climbing at a very steep angle. A rock climber scaling a mountain on a very steep edge. A shirtless man is climbing a mountain. A shirtless man is climbing a rock.	A climber hangs from a rock face.	entailment
A man in a white shirt, black cap and black shorts is playing tennis. A man wearing a cap and white shirt playing tennis. A Tennis player in a black hat hitting the ball. A man hitting a tennis ball.	A man swinging a racket.	entailment
Jockeys in brightly colored outfits are racing on their horses in the green grass. A horse race with numerous people on the horses in a grassy scene. A group of jockeys are riding racehorses on a grass track. Horses and jockeys running in a turf race.	Riders racing animals.	entailment
A group of people is gathered around a table of food with their arms around each other. A group of people are sitting on a sofa hugging each other. A group of people are sitting in a room. People sitting on a brown leather couch.	Couples sitting.	neutral
A snowboarder is performing a jump whilst riding on a pink snowboard. A person wearing protective gear on a snowboard in the air above snow. A snowboarder is attempting a jump on a crafted ski run. A snowboarder doing a jump on a K2 snowboard.	A snowboarder does a trick.	entailment
A man wearing glasses and a black shirt is seen behind a series of gray mesh-like panels. A man with glasses being photographed behind a cage. A man wearing glasses looks through a wire gate. A man behind either a fence or cage.	A man stands with arms folded.	neutral
People are watching from the sidelines of an inner city foot race. A group of people running a marathon while spectators watch. A group of people are running through a city. Runners jogging along in the city.	Onlookers watch.	entailment
A bunch of people and a handicapped man are on a street sidewalk that has a bus and red car in the background. People on a street corner looking up at an unknown object next to a man in a wheelchair. A man and woman look upward on a city block. A city street busy with people and cars.	A group stands.	entailment
A young boy does skateboarding tricks down metal stairs. A man is skateboarding down a railing on some stairs. A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night. A boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail.	A skateboarder slides.	entailment
A woman is eating at a table as people walk by. A young woman eating salad bent over a table. A woman in a black shirt eating a salad. Woman is preparing a dish to eat.	A woman leans on a fence.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt with glasses and a shaved down head is looking at a microscope in a laboratory. A man wearing laboratory gloves is looking through a microscope that is sitting on a metal counter. A man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope. A man looks into a microscope in an office.	A lab worker examining something.	entailment
A woman in a tan suit and red shirt speaks into microphones at a podium. A woman with long curly hair is standing at a podium and speaking. The woman in the tan suit is speaking at the pedestal. A lovely woman makes a point at a business meeting.	A professionally dressed woman standing.	entailment
Two guys seem to be discussing something in front of a building that looks to have a rather eastern facade. Man in spotted shirts chats with another man outside at night. Two men abroad enjoy talking about their differences. Two men chatting in the evening.	Men conversing with each other.	entailment
Two small white and brown dogs bound in unison. Two brown and white dogs racing across a lawn. Two brown and white dogs running across grass. Two dogs run together across a grassy lawn.	Dogs jumping.	contradiction
A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly. A man in jeans and a white shirt is walking down the street Man shirt and jeans walking in a park. A young guy walking down the walkway.	A black man walks down a sidewalk.	neutral
A young Asian boy, wearing pajamas, is seated on the floor by the bed watching an insect made of Legos. A young child is watching a toy construction brick construct. The little boy is playing with a toy. A child is playing with a Lego toy.	A boy sitting.	entailment
A woman with a hooded sweatshirt and bikini bottoms holding a camera at beach side. A girl in a hoodie and bikini bottom is standing on the beach with a camera. A woman in a striped hoodie holds a camera on a beach A woman stands on a beach with a camera	A woman takes pictures.	neutral
A Japanese girl sitting on a rock surrounded by a field. A young girl sits on a rock overlooking a large field. A young girl in front of a field of green. A young girl sits on a rock.	A little child sitting.	entailment
A man is cutting shaving another man's hair in an area with a dirt floor. One man is shaving another man's head in a room with a dirt floor. One man shaves another man's head with an electric razor. A guy getting his head shaved by another guy.	A man giving a man a haircut.	entailment
Two men covered in red paint or blood on a busy sidewalk. Men in zombie makeup standing on a busy street. A group of people dressed up for Halloween. Two young men coming from a concert.	Kids walking down a street.	contradiction
A man holding a yellow balloon sitting on a bench next to a woman with a little girl in front of her and a little boy in green rain boots walking in front of them. A man and woman watching two kids while the man holds a balloon. A man with a yellow balloon with his family. A couple is sitting on a bench.	Two kids play on a street.	neutral
Two young women and a young man are crossing a street in the middle of the rain A few people and cars out on their daily commute on a rainy day. People crossing a busy street on a rainy afternoon. People crossing a busy street.	Pedestrians walking.	entailment
A man wearing a brown colored jacket is talking to a woman wearing a black skirt. A man in a tan blazer, talks to a woman in a bright pink shirt and black skirt. A man in a yellow jackets talks to a girl in a pink blouse and dark skirt. Asian man and two women in a hallway.	A man waiting at a counter.	neutral
Two old men are on a balcony and one is looking at a small square of paper, and the other is holding a few sheets of paper. Men dressed in colonial clothing and announcing something important. Two men are making an announcement on a balcony. Two men in hats holding paper on a balcony	Men reading.	neutral
A man in red with a beer is talking to a woman with a gray sweatshirt and cornrows in her hair. A man with a beer puts his arm behind a smiling woman. Man in red polo with his arm around a girl in gray. A man and woman mingle and talk to one another.	A woman laughing.	neutral
A large white crane flying through the air over the water. A large white bird takes flight out of the water. A white crane is flying above some water. White dove glides above water.	An animal flies.	entailment
The man is standing next to a fire hydrant and playing a saxophone. A man is playing a saxophone next to a fire hydrant. A man plays saxophone next to a yellow fire hydrant. A man stands by a wall playing a saxophone.	Man playing musical instrument.	entailment
A man in a camouflage tank top standing next to a man in a gray t-shirt with a fountain in the background. Two men standing in front of a huge fountain with several background people. Two men standing in front of fountain while other people sit on the grass Two men are standing in front of a fountain smiling.	Two men posing for a photo.	entailment
A young child dressed in snow pants and blue hat tentatively steps on snow-covered ice. A small child in winter gear is making tracks in shallow snow. The child is well bundled as he walks in the snow. A bundled-up toddler in the snow.	A child looking at footprints.	neutral
A group of people are sitting on a sofa hugging each other. A group of people are sitting in a room. People sitting on a brown leather couch. Two couples sitting on a leather couch.	A group gathered.	entailment
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them. A woman listening to earbuds while interacting with a man. A black man is buying a drink from a street vendor. A woman giving a cup to an African American man.	A woman carrying two bags.	neutral
A tan dog is grappling another tan dog on gravel while someone stands nearby. Two dogs engaged in physical contact with a man in the background. Two dogs play fighting on sand. Two dogs wrestle or hug.	A brown dog jumping up at another dog.	entailment
A biker is attempting to fix his bike in a mountainous area. A man in a blue hat is fixing the gears on his bike A man in a green shirt is fixing a bicycle chain A man in the hot desert fixes his bike.	A man working on the tire of his bike.	neutral
On the shore of a lake, a girl jumps for joy in the autumn leaves. A person in a white t-shirt is jumping in front of a lake. A woman is just jumping to show her happiness. A girl by a lake jumping in the air.	A teen jumps.	neutral
A golden retriever is playing with a smaller black and brown dog in a pink collar. A smaller black dog fighting with a larger brown dog in a forest. Brown dog with mouth open near head of black and tan dog. Two dogs playing near the woods.	A small dog jumping on a dog.	neutral
Two men in bright orange vests are painting a curb white. Two men in orange safety vests paint a curb white. Two men are painting a curb with white paint. Two men paint a curb on a busy street corner.	Man crouching.	neutral
A group of people in a yellow and white tent watch a man in black clothes play the guitar. A man plays an acoustic guitar for an audience inside a large yellow and white tent. A man is playing a guitar in a large tent with an audience watching. A man with a guitar is playing under a tent full of people.	A man with beard playing an instrument.	neutral
A woman with blond hair and a black and gray striped sweater is on the street pointing at something with her blue umbrella. A blond female in a striped shirt points at something with her blue umbrella. Woman in striped sweater uses blue umbrella to gesture towards something. A woman in a striped shirt points to something with her blue umbrella.	Two women looking at something.	contradiction
A white dog lifts its paw as it stands on the grass near striped poles. A white dog competing in an agility event. A dog trots through the grass. A fluffy white dog is outside.	A dog walking.	neutral
A dog prepares to bite a yellow dog toy. A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy. A brown dog chasing a yellow toy. A dog chases a toy.	A dog playing with an orange toy.	contradiction
A girl in a multicolored striped outfit is standing with her family. A young Asian girl dressed in pastel colors stands with her family. Children woman and man in a park looking around a park A woman and two children sightseeing.	A group standing.	entailment
A Yorkie jumped into the air to catch a red ball in its mouth. A terrier who jumped up has a red ball in his mouth. A dog in midair catching the red ball. A dog retrieves a golf ball.	A dog stands on his hind legs.	neutral
A little blond girl wearing a hooded jacket, purple pants, and pink rain boots is putting a stick into a river with rocks and grass in the background. A girl wearing a black jacket and pink boots is poking in the water of the creek with a stick, from the creek bank. A young girl wearing a dark gray hoodie, purple pants, and pink boots is holding a stick, playing in water. A little girl near a body of water pokes a stick into it.	A child squatting.	neutral
A man sits outside a Chinese restaurant below a mailbox. An oriental man stands under a mailbox numbered 134. Asian man standing under mailbox. A man resting under a mailbox.	A man with black hair standing.	entailment
A little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach. A skinny young boy squints at the camera on a beach. A boy is wearing a red towel standing on the beach. A kid standing in the sand at the beach.	A boy posing.	neutral
Four male cheerleaders are preparing the catch the female cheerleaders they just threw in the air. Four cheerleaders in a row are being thrown into the air simultaneously by four separate men. Eleven cheerleaders in yellow and white on a football field, eight of which are doing a lift. Male cheerleaders are holding up female cheerleaders on a football field.	A group of cheerleaders cheering.	entailment
A kangaroo wearing a yellow and black striped vest with the number eight on it is hopping. Race dogs run their fastest down a sandy track. A group of greyhounds race on a track. Many dogs race around the track.	Greyhounds racing along a track.	entailment
A man in a yellow rain jacket is playing a musical instrument amidst black and white birds. A man is selling hotdogs on a walkway, and there are tons of pigeons. A man under umbrella is watching pigeons. A bunch of birds outside of a building.	A man surrounded by animals.	entailment
Two men look at the camera and smile while holding up their glasses of beer. Two men are toasting a cup of beer together, while another watches. Two men drinking beer with another in the background. Two men enjoying a beer in a restaurant.	Men posing for a picture.	neutral
A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket. A woman wearing a white head-covering holds her sleeping baby, who is wrapped in swaddling cloth. A woman in a shawl is holding her child that is wrapped in a colorful blanket. A woman in a shawl holds her baby.	A woman poses for a picture.	neutral
A nervous looking woman with red hair is working with possibly dangerous materials in a lab. A nervous looking red-haired girl carefully handles some medical equipment in a lab. Woman with red hair, gray sweater and light green gloves, working on an experiment. A female is working in a laboratory with science equipment.	Girl posing.	contradiction
A guy with blond hair is standing on a stage playing a red guitar with the drummer in the background. A man in a blue shirt is singing and playing guitar on a stage in front of a drummer. A blond guy with a red guitar is singing in a band. Chickenfoot plays a musical set on a stage.	A man performing on stage with an instrument.	entailment
Three girls are sitting in a car and smiling back at the camera which is in the backseat looking towards the front of the car. Three women look back at the camera that's in the rear seat of a van as the driver drives down the road. Three women in a vehicle are looking back and smiling. Group of people in car looking back at camera.	Three girls pose.	entailment
Five people are at a yellow table celebrating two birthdays, while one women wears a feather in her hat. Five people are sitting around a table and celebrating with cake and candles. A group of people are enjoying a birthday celebration, with two cakes. A group of people at a party with two cakes on the table.	A crowd gathers.	contradiction
A woman wearing a light blue coat looks to the left while a man looks to the right. A woman and two young men, standing close to one another. A woman and two men looking in different directions. A woman wearing sunglasses standing next to two men.	A man is outside.	neutral
A group of women are looking through binders and playing tambourines. Six girls are sitting together laughing and playing tambourines. Group of girls having a study party. Group of girls having fun together.	Women sit around a table.	neutral
A man with tattoo's on his arms is standing in front of a microphone playing guitar. An older man dressed in black and covered in tattoos is playing guitar on stage. An older man wearing a loud t-shirt plays guitar in front of a microphone. A man in a black t-shirt and blues shoes plays a bass.	A man performing on stage with his instrument.	entailment
The two girls on a field are running and just about to get to the soccer ball to kick it while another girl is running in their direction from behind as fans are watching it all from the stands. Women's Soccer, Blue and white team versus Red and white team, Seems intense. Two soccer players fighting over possession of the soccer ball. Two soccer players are competing for the ball.	Girls playing soccer.	entailment
A team in red and black uniforms stand on each others' shoulders while crowd presses into them. A group of people in purple and red shirts are working on a performance routine. A group of colorfully dressed people are assisting the street performers. A group of gymnasts performing.	Man standing.	neutral
Five Women, wearing beautiful, colorful saris, in a circle, dancing with their hands raised and touching. Five young Indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle Five ladies dressed in vibrant colors having fun dancing. Indian women joining hands in a traditional dance.	Women doing some type.	neutral
Several people walk past tents with lanterns set up on the street. White tents lined up with red Chinese lanterns hanging from them People gather outdoors at a market. A Chinese festival.	Man smiles.	contradiction
A man wearing light colored pants and a dark pink shirt is looking at something as a young girl, wearing a red skirt and white sweater, looks on in a straw covered area. A man in a pink jacket is standing in front of a young girl that is wearing a hat. A man and a child stand nearby each other within a tribal group. Male tourist talking to a local native child and buying artwork.	A man smiling.	neutral
The little girl poured water from a bucket onto the person in the white shirt. A girl is preparing to pour a bucket of water on man wearing a white shirt. A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl. Two people are on a treated lawn playing with water.	A child throwing water.	entailment
Children stand with guns on a large green lawn with a man dressed as a soldier. A man dressed as a British Guard entertains children holding toy guns. Kids are watching a man in uniform standing on the grass. A soldier is teaching kids how to handle a gun.	Children learning.	entailment
There is a young male using a desktop computer and a lady smiling and watching him. A young woman in business casual kneeling and young man sitting at a computer. A teacher helping a student at a computer station. People in a computer room using computers.	A man and a woman looking at something.	entailment
A woman in a red bubble jacket and black and white striped pants sitting on a bar next to a man who is smoking as people pass them by. A woman in a red jacket sitting on a stool facing a man, with her head on his shoulder. A blond woman in a red jacket wearing black and white striped pants. A girl and boy sit on a fence.	A woman leaning on a wall.	contradiction
A child with a sweater is holding a pen in his mouth. A child in a blue sweater holds a pen in his mouth. A boy in a blue sweater holds a pen in his mouth. A small boy is chewing on a pen.	A child looking at the camera.	neutral
A boy is covered in wet sand playing at a beach while a group of people enjoy the ocean in the background. A young boy wearing a bathing suit and goggles plays on the sand at the beach. A boy enjoying the sun, as the people in the back enjoy the ocean. A young boy, covered in mud, plays on the beach.	A boy running.	neutral
A black and white dog is standing on the grass with its mouth wide open. A black and white dog looks at the camera with an open mouth. The black and white dog has its mouth wide open. A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A dog barking.	neutral
A little girl wearing a blue shirt and blue checkered shorts is swinging on a rope swing outside. A girl in blue hanging on to a vine in a forest. A young girl in shorts is swinging on a vine. Young girl hanging on a vine.	A child smiling.	neutral
A blond woman dressed in a white skirt with pink polka dots and a "Pink Ladies" leather jacket and a man in a black leather jacket and sunglasses wait on a sidewalk. A woman wearing a pink ladies jacket and polka dot skirt with red shoes stands by a man in a leather coat. The woman in the pink and white dress is holding a bottle of water. The older lady in the white skirt is wearing pink shoes.	A couple stands.	entailment
The man wearing the brown jacket is holding a cigarette and the man behind him is holding a can of beer. A young man stands in a crowd beside another young man holding a beverage can. A man has his hands up while standing next to another man with a drink. Two young men are at a party.	Men posing for the camera.	neutral
The guy in the gray Wagamama t-shirt seems a little tipsy as he chats with the woman smiling wearing a brown dress and Mardi Gras necklaces holding a glass of ale. Two people are enjoying drinks while having a conversation with one another outdoors. A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a dress having a conversation while drinking. Guy and a girl drinking beer.	A man talks.	neutral
A young child smiling and looking outside of his window. A young boy looks up and out of a window in his house. A young child is looking up outside a window. Kid smiling looking out the window.	A boy peers.	entailment
One policeman sitting on his motorcycle with two fellow policeman standing to the left Three policemen, one on his cop bike, wearing black uniforms with black boots. Two standing policemen and one sitting on a motorcycle smile for the camera. Two policemen are standing and one policeman is sitting on his motorcycle.	Police officers standing.	entailment
Three people in black shirts sitting in a room with chairs lined against a wall and two tables in the middle of the room. The three people are sitting in chairs listening to another person talk. Three people in a classroom are listening to someone talk. African Americans sitting on chairs in a classroom.	Students listening to their teacher.	neutral
Two small blond children holding stick while standing in a crowd n the city. Two blond children, a boy and a girl, hold sticks and smile. The little girl and boy are entertained as the crowd watches. Two younger children are at an event both holding two sticks.	Children playing with toys.	entailment
Two men kickboxing, the man in the red shorts is kicking while the man in the black is blocking. Two MMA fighters wearing shorts and fighting in a cage match. Two men fight in a ring while spectators look on. Two men fighting in front of an audience.	Men boxing.	entailment
Four women (one with bright pink hair and clothes) look at something. Four women, one with bright pink on, standing in a line. Four women watching something and smiling. Four women are posing for a picture.	A group smiling.	entailment
A black and tan dog jumping in the air in a grassy area in front of a fence. Black and tan dog with all paws off ground and yellow object in mouth. A dog running with something in his mouth in the grass. The dog by the fence is running on the grass.	A dog playing in the yard.	entailment
A skateboarder is riding his board on a ramp in a skate park. The skateboarder is doing a trick at the skate park A man at a skate park doing a stunt. A skateboarder doing maneuvers.	Kid doing tricks on a skateboard.	contradiction
A group of five people are sitting on a sidewalk or courtyard while another man, on a higher level of ground, stands above them. People sitting on a lower level of a walkway, while a different person is walking above them among the trees. A group posses for a photo along a wall. A group of people sitting on a bench.	Three women talking.	neutral
Most of people wearing a red and yellow clothes A group of people waving red and yellow flags. Mexico having a traditional festival. A crowd waves red and yellow flags.	Groups cheer.	neutral
Two young, blond girls wearing dresses are playing and climbing on an iron fence; in the background is a red brick wall. Two young girls, wearing white dresses, with black designs, stand behind a fence. Two young girls dressed in their Sunday's best peer over a fence. Two girls climbing on a fence.	Children looking through a fence.	entailment
A girl with a striped shirt with bread in hands in front of mouth. This girl is eating a piece of bread in her striped shirt. A girl in a striped shirt holds a bun to her mouth. A little girl is eating a piece of bread.	A child eating food.	entailment
A number of people wait at a bus stop looking towards the sun, low in the sky. A man is sitting on a bench and smoking in front of other people. A man on a bench smoking and waiting for the bus to come. Old man smoking cigarette on bench.	Group of men and women waiting.	neutral
A curly-haired man and a woman in a black tank top both play guitars and sing at a festival. A woman in a tank top and a man with curly hair play guitars and sing into microphones. A male and female are singing together at a festival while playing guitar. A male and female musician are playing guitars and performing in public.	Man playing instrument on stage.	neutral
A fruit vendor rests while awaiting customers. A street fruit vendor waiting for customers. A man is sitting outside next to fruit. A fruit vendor sits alone in the dark.	A lady sitting in a room.	contradiction
Two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen. Two teen girls are looking at a small electronic device while wearing winter coats. Two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone. Two young girls huddle to look at a cellphone.	Women pose for a picture.	neutral
A snowboarder in a red jacket and light pants grabbing the snowboard while in a midair trick, high above a background landscape. Participant number five catches some big air on a snowboard. A snowboarder performs a grab trick in the air. A man performing stunts on a snowboard.	A man jumping.	entailment
A small group of workers appears to be working on street excavation or repair while a woman and a man walk past them as a black sedan drives by. Construction workers are gathered at a construction site along a city street during an excavation. Three construction workmen stand in a parking lot and look away from a large hole. Road workers among piles of debris.	A man sits in front.	contradiction
A little boy with brown curly hair, wearing a red shirt, is jumping on a white bed. A young boy in a red shirt jumps on a bed. A curly-haired boy jumps up on a bed. A little boy jumping on the bed	A child poised in midair.	entailment
A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies. Three people, faces obscured, standing in formal dress. Two women looking at the camera and a man looking away. A group of three people walking together.	Two women taking a picture.	entailment
A girl in a white jacket and beige pants stands on top of a blue box. There are three children watching something on a screen. A lady looks at a poster with a face and several spoons. A girl in a white jacket is looking at a picture.	A little girl stands.	contradiction
Passengers wait to board another train as a witness snaps photos. A group of people at a train station for the arrival of a train. A group of men are waiting at a train station platform. A tall man in a gray suit walking towards the train.	A man taking a picture.	neutral
A woman in a white hat and a white t-shirt with a red basket woven purse is talking to a woman in a green shirt and red hat. A woman in a white baseball hat reveals her tan line to her friend, who wears a sunhat A young girl in a white hat with an older woman in a tan hat. Two women looking at the arm of the woman on the left.	A woman standing next to a woman.	entailment
A dog with a frisbee in his mouth is running in a snowy field. A dog running with something in its mouth Tan dog with a toy running in the snow. A dog runs across the snow.	A brown dog carrying a toy.	neutral
The large black dog is walking in the water. A black dog plays around near a waterfall. Black dog prancing through the river. A black dog in front of a waterfall.	A dog standing.	entailment
A man is splashing water from a bucket on a group of plants and leaves. An Asian man attempts to put out a wildfire with a small wooden bucket. A man tries to put out a blaze using buckets of water. A man desperately tries to put out a fire.	A man blowing.	contradiction
A group of individuals attend a park where they practice their martial arts. A shirtless got in blue pants is being chased by a girl in a black shirt. These people are exercising using the Oriental Ti Chi. A group of children appear to be playing outside.	Man stands on a lawn.	neutral
A man with headphones in his ear is playing music with his DJ equipment. A man wearing headphones is standing in front of a poster. A man wearing a black shirt is DJing at a turntable. Two men are standing behind DJ equipment.	A man smiling.	neutral
A blond woman in a sports jersey sits on a stool next to a table where several others have gathered. Many people are talking at a table with one woman wearing a sports jersey. A group of people sitting around a table with drinks. Friends hanging out and having a few beers.	Some men sitting.	neutral
There is a white cow lying down on what appears to be a bridge with several young people standing nearby and a woman dressed in blue walking further down. A cow lies on a walkway between two rails as some people relax nearby and a woman walks away. A white bull laying on a bridge with three teenagers hanging out in the background. A white cow is laying on a sidewalk and a lady in blue is walking down from it.	Several men standing next to an animal.	neutral
A blond man with a beard operates a camera while a young boy in a green shirt stands beside him holding a microphone in his hand. A young man and a small boy holding a large movie camera standing next to a set of tracks. An amateur photographer or videographer and his son learning to use their new equipment. A man and a child with audio and video equipment.	An artist standing.	neutral
A person equestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence. A horse and rider jumping a small fence. A horse and rider jump over a fence. A jockey on a horse jumps a fence.	An animal jumps.	entailment
Three children eat ice cream in a third world store while a woman stares into space. One adult sitting next to three young children eating ice cream on some steps. The woman sat on the bench while the children ate ice cream. A woman and three kids sit on a dolly.	A mother sits.	entailment
People converse the day while aboard a floating restaurant. Three people on a boat are laughing and smiling. A group of people smiling and riding on a boat. Three people are staring happily at something.	Two women converse.	neutral
A waiter dressed in business attire holds up a pan filled with meat laden with sauce and garnished with lemon. In a busy restaurant, a man faces the camera holding out a dish of food. A man in a suit is serving a pan of saucy food. A waiter displaying a fine meal to a customer.	Groups eat at tables.	neutral
A woman with a red shirt and black vest, standing in front of coolers, is talking to two women who are also in red about something she is selling or displaying on a brick walkway. Two women buying a product that the one woman in the green toboggan is selling. A lady is promoting something to the other two girls. A couple of women are visiting a booth.	A bunch of people at a sidewalk sale.	neutral
A blond girl covering her eyes with her hand in yellow dress. A little girl in a yellow shirt is standing covering her eyes. A small girl covering her eyes in a yellow shirt, outdoors. Little girl covering her eyes!	A child covering her face.	entailment
Two parents are walking with their daughter down the street. A family, daughter in the middle, walks down the street. A Muslim family is walking down the street. A family walking down the street.	A group walking on a sidewalk.	entailment
A boy on a black skateboard going down a ramp with a white building behind him Skateboard rider riding a skateboard down a wooden ramp. A boy wearing purple rides a skateboard up a ramp. A skateboarder uses a skateboard ramp.	A boy doing a stunt.	entailment
A man wearing a blue shirt is on the bottom floor facing a motorcycle while a woman wearing black with a beige apron is on the second floor looking down. A woman stands at a balcony and watched the man down below sweeping, two motorcycles are parked in the shade away from the hot sun. A man, in a hat, under a tree, sweeping the ground. A man is sweeping the street in front of a tree.	A man cleaning.	entailment
A young couple sit in a grassy field while embracing and smiling for the camera. A young woman and a young man sitting in the grass A couple is posing for a picture in the field. A young couple pose in an outdoor setting.	Two people wearing yellow jackets are crosscountry skiing.	contradiction
Two people kiss on a very ornate balcony next to huge columns. A couple stands lip-locked on a heavily adorned balcony. A couple shares a kiss atop an ornate balcony. Couple sharing a kiss on a balcony.	A man and a woman standing kissing.	entailment
A black and tan Doberman dog is jumping through some water. The Doberman Pinscher is leaping through the water. A dog jumping through the water at a lake Doberman leaping through the water.	Dog with face running.	neutral
A group of young men are running in a grassy field. There are lots of guys running together outside. Young men are running across a field in shorts. Group of people running in the field	Boys running.	entailment
A couple of women with long brown hair work on an art project in a room with others doing the same. People in room appear to be working on a project but at the moment eat and drink. Several people working on a project with crafts. Various people enjoying lunch in a cafeteria.	Two women sit.	neutral
A young woman in a green shirt holds a toddler in a red shirt while a man in a white shirt laughs along with them. A lady in green blouse is holding a boy in red shirt and blue jeans while standing next to a tall guy. A woman in green holds a young boy in red while she talks to another man at the front door of a home. A woman is carrying a young boy, while laughing with a man wearing a gray t-shirt.	A man smiles.	contradiction
An black guy in a white shirt and blue pants is jumping next to a volleyball net. Three African American youths playing volleyball at a park. Some African American young adults are playing volleyball. Three men are playing volleyball in a park.	A volleyball player spikes the ball.	entailment
Dark-skinned female dressed in white and black martial arts uniform strikes a lunge pose. Demonstration of martial arts by young female in gymnasium. A black belt practices her martial arts barefoot. Young women practicing martial arts in a gym.	A person chases a calf inside a rodeo ring.	contradiction
A person wearing a white tank top sits at a table with a beer. A large person in shorts and a white shirt sitting at a table. A person sits at a table outside drinking beer. An overweight person drinking.	A guy drinking a beverage.	entailment
Two female volleyball players on the court with the one in the front falling because she missed the ball. A young girl, wearing her team uniform, is preparing to hit a ball, as another girl watches. Two girls on a volleyball team react to the purple, yellow, and white ball. A pair of female volleyball players reach for a volleyball.	A team playing a game.	entailment
A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy, wearing a blue shirt with penguins, to his left Two boys smile from within their makeshift tent of towels and blankets. Two children are playing in a homemade fort. Two boys in a tent smile for the camera.	Children playing with a white dog.	contradiction
One woman, with red hair pulled back in a ponytail, is setting down on a white seat, playing the cello, and has music stands, with music sheets, surrounding her. A girl wearing a blue shirt is reading music and playing a large string instrument outdoors. Cellist in a blue polo shirt prepares to perform outdoors. A blond woman in blue clothes is playing a cello.	A girl sitting.	entailment
This is a man holding a cup and wearing an Obama t-shirt. A man wearing an Obama t-shirt and holding a coffee cup. A man wearing a Barack Obama shirt smiles for the camera A young man touts an Obama t-shirt.	A man carrying a drink.	entailment
There is a white dog and a chocolate colored dog running in the grass. A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass. Two dogs are playing together in the grass. Two dogs running on grass.	Dogs play in a grassy field.	entailment
Some men stand near a sign written in English and Chinese. Street vendors talk to each other while others walk by. Two Asian men rest by a sign on an urban street. A man is watching what to get in the shops.	A man leaning against a chain.	neutral
Man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch. Large green lawn with a man and a building in the background. A man is near a park bench in front of a nice lawn. A man in a doctors coat emerges from a building.	A man standing next to a building.	neutral
Two men, one wearing a teal shirt and shin guards lay horizontally on logs with their backpacks in sight. Brightly dressed men doing acrobatics on a log. Two young men jumping over two big wood logs. Two people are diving over a couple of logs.	A man balances himself.	entailment
A man in a black sweater holds a baby's arms as she attempt to take a few steps. A man in a black shirt and jeans playing with a young child in a pink sweater. Man in black shirt holding onto small child. A man is playing with a baby on a deck.	A man tending to a little baby.	entailment
Two girls are wearing pink, one has design print on her pajamas, and the other one is just plain pink while, holding each a bed and table from a dollhouse. The two little sisters in their pink pajamas are playing with their dollhouse and getting along so well. Why aren't these girls in the kitchen instead of playing with toys? Two young girls wearing pink pajamas playing with doll furniture.	Two children sit on the floor.	neutral
Three little girls helping dad pick out the Christmas tree. Guy cutting down Christmas tree with his three young children. A man and three children shopping for a Christmas tree. A family cuts a Christmas tree.	A father picking out a plant.	entailment
A basketball game with player in black uniform about to score while surrounded by players in white. A basketball player drives to the hoop for a lay up. A man is going for a dunk in a basketball game. A basketball player goes for a layup.	A man makes his shot.	entailment
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass. A little furry dog playing with a red ball in a forest A small dog tries to catch a red ball. A little dog is looking at a red ball.	A dog is about to jump.	neutral
A dog runs through the grass in the sun. A dog running in the fenced in backyard. A dog running on a sunny, green lawn. A brown dog running on grass.	A dog races.	entailment
Men wearing wetsuits and swim fins carry instruments while marching in a parade. A group of men in wetsuits carrying instruments are walking in a parade. Guys in scuba diving gear playing instruments A scuba diver is playing the drums.	A band walks down a street.	entailment
A young man wearing jeans and a black shirt break-dances for young spectators. A man is breakdancing on a large mat while some people watch. A man is break-dancing for an audience on the street. This man is demonstrating unique dancing.	A man breakdancing in front of a group.	entailment
A man in an orange ski suit top with black bottoms has finished performing a trick and is in midair. A snow activity enthusiast flips around on a snowy mountain. A person dressed in orange enjoying a ski in snow. A man jumps off the snow using his snowshoes.	A man falling.	entailment
A man wearing a suit is walking his dog by a green streetlight post. A white-haired man walking dog stopped at a lamp post. A male is walking his dog down the street. A dog drinks from the gutter.	An older man standing.	entailment
A girl with an umbrella is riding on the back of a bicycle peddled by a smiling boy. A boy is on a bicycle, and there is a girl on the back of it with an umbrella. A couple stands outside with an umbrella and a bicycle. A man rides a bike with a woman holding an umbrella.	A girl climbing.	contradiction
A white dog is wading in natural water with algae. A light tan dog swimming through swampy water. A white dog is standing in mud up to its neck A dog stands shoulder deep in muddy water.	A dog moving.	entailment
A younger girl holds up a yellow "Free Car wash" sign along the edge of a road. A girl stands on a street with a homemade 'free car wash' sign. A woman holds a "car wash" sign on the edge of a quiet street. A girl is holding a sign that points toward a free car wash.	A girl advertises a wash.	entailment
A young woman celebrates a victory by knocking down all the pins at the bowling alley. A woman celebrating after she bowled a frame at a bowling alley. Young woman celebrates getting a strike during a bowling game. A woman is throwing her hands up after a good bowling move.	A woman raises her arms.	entailment
Several people stand on stage with their arms held up in the air. Four singers perform on stage with backup dancers. A group of people on stage singing in concert. Singers performing to the crowd.	Performers stand.	entailment
Four musicians playing music in a group on the sidewalk. A group of four is playing instruments in the street. Four man street band playing on the sidewalk. Street musicians entertaining people.	Performers perform on a street.	entailment
There is a bride and groom with two children, a woman and a man carrying a flag, standing on a stony place. A bride holding a bouquet of flowers is standing next to a man in a tuxedo. A man and woman at their wedding and little children playing. A bride and her groom prepare to say their vows.	A partner and newlywed stand.	entailment
A woman wearing a hat and a man wearing a black jacket are sitting on a ferry on a sunny day. A woman wearing a hat and a man covering his eyes sit on benches on a boat. A woman with a flower hat sits behind a man at the pier. A couple of people survey the sea for wildlife.	A woman looks at the water.	neutral
A cowboy is tipping his hat with two other rodeo cowboys, one in a pink shirt, another in a white shirt, both horseback, in action, in the middle of a rodeo arena. Three Cowboys at the rodeo, one happens to have excellent pose timing. Three people riding horses at a rodeo. Three men riding horses in a rodeo.	Animal bucking a man of out his saddle.	neutral
A tan dog carrying a stick runs over a garden hose lying in a low cut grassy area. A small tan dog running in the grass with a stick in his mouth A blond dog runs in the grass holding a stick in its mouth. A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.	A dog jumps around in the grass.	contradiction
A man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices. Workers in rubber books and blue aprons haul frozen fish. A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market. A group of fishermen arranging the fish.	Group standing.	entailment
A man with black hair and blue shirt looking at a young girl with brown hair and a flower dress in a park. This image is taken outside and has a young girl watching with sheer joy as her daddy is whistling to her. A young girl in a flowered dress interacts with her father outdoors in a park-like setting. A man with a blue shirt and a little girl with an open mouth.	A child laughing.	neutral
A skateboarder does a tailslide down the side of a railing over some stairs A young man in a black shirt and brown pants is skateboarding. A young man is skateboarding down the railing of some stairs. A skateboarder skateboarding.	A skateboarder skates.	entailment
A football player in a full stadium jumping and receiving a football. Two football players playing football before a huge crowd. Two football players run into each other. Two men vie for a football.	A football player catches the ball.	entailment
A crowd stands in the background watching someone sliding down a ramp on a board. Snowboarder is standing on his board while the crowd watches him. A man sliding on a concrete bench on his snowboard as people watch A crowd watching a snowboarder.	A boy standing.	contradiction
A woman filling out some paperwork while another woman waits. These women are filling out forms at a stand outdoors. A woman at a desk signing paperwork in front of another A woman signs paperwork at an event.	Several women talking.	neutral
An older man holds an object and is looking at two young girls that sit across from him at a table that is outside. Two little girls and an old man have a conversation. An old man is telling two girls something. Two girls and a man were peeling corn.	Two children listen.	entailment
There are lots of people sitting down and walking around on concrete. People sitting on steps outside a pool of water. People are sitting on stairs outdoors. People sitting near a fountain.	Groups sit.	entailment
Kid in a blue jacket jumping in the air while people observe. Boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo. A man is jumping in front of a group of people. We won the race and the money.	Some onlookers watch.	entailment
Two men wearing button up shirts standing at a podium with medical slides showing on a screen behind them. A man in dress clothes and a man in jeans at the front of an auditorium. Two men giving a medical seminar, to a small crowd. There are two guys near the podium.	A group sitting.	entailment
Five people are in a room with a bookcase and chairs, 2 standing and 3 sitting. Five young women are in a room interacting with one another. Five young women are interacting around a table. A group of girls hang out.	Women gathered.	entailment
There is three small children playing and some adults are sitting on the benches. Three children on brick street, near a lamp post, trashcan and some adults. Three children are playing outside and one of them is unhappy. Three children are standing outside with a bird flying by.	Children watch an animal.	neutral
Two men, one wearing a black baseball cap and sweater, holding a booklet, while the second guy, in a tan leather jacket, counts out money at a burger king restaurant. Two older men in blue jeans compare coupons at a table in a fast food restaurant. Two old men look at pieces of paper in a fast food restaurant. There are two men counting money at a food place.	Men stand.	neutral
Two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery. Two men, both wearing blue and yellow jackets and hard hats, are standing in front of a large machine. Two men, wearing hard hats and blue and yellow coats stand in front of a large machine and smile. Two workers in uniform are standing next to some heavy machinery.	Some men taking a break.	neutral
On a sidewalk, apparently in a shopping district somewhere in Asia, young women in high-heeled shoes have a discussion, while other shoppers walk by. Asian friends standing in the street in busy part of town. A gathering of young women in an oriental market. The group of friends is having a discussion.	Teens talking in a group.	entailment
A man in khakis pants is lying on concrete and looking into the sky. A businessman in a tan suit sleeps on the sidewalk near a building. Using his bag as a pillow, a man takes a nap in the city. A balding man laying outside on his bag.	A man rests on a bench.	contradiction
A man playing a guitar while a couple is listening and watching another man dancing to the music. A street performers plays guitar while a man dances and a couple watches. Two people listen to a man playing guitar while another man dances. A couple listening to performers on the street.	A couple sitting on a ledge.	neutral
A man is interacting with a dog that is running in the opposite direction. A brown dog chases something a man behind him threw on the beach. A man walking behind a running dog on the beach. A man and a dog on the beach.	A man playing fetch with his dog.	entailment
Boy is bouncing over the bed wearing a black t-shirt. Boy in black shirt jumps onto bed from dresser. A blond child is jumping face first onto a bed. A little boy jumps onto a bed.	Boy falling.	entailment
A motorcycle rider on a cobalt blue motorcycle, leans hard while the background is just a blur. A driver in racing gear and a helmet is driving a sleek, blue motorcycle. A man is driving a blue motorcycle and leaning into the turn. A motorcyclist in a blue motorbike in a racing track.	Man riding a blue bike.	entailment
Two rows of women walking towards each other on the sidewalk outside of a store with a boy 50 % sign on the golden framed windows. Two groups of women walking toward each other, 5 on the left and 4 on the right, in front of a storefront that says "50 %". Women walking down sidewalk and have been shopping. Women walking towards each other holding bags	Shoppers walking on street.	entailment
An Asian woman, and a small Asian child eating together. A woman and child eating under a row of jack-o-lanterns. A woman and young girl are sitting at a table eating. A woman and a young girl are eating side by side.	A woman enjoying food.	entailment
A man in a yellow and blue jacket talking to a lady in a brown and white striped shirt. A woman in a striped shirt looking at a man in a yellow and blue coat. A man in a yellow and blue track jacket asking a woman for help. A man in a striped shirt is looking down at something.	A man has a conversation.	entailment
Four teenagers standing next to a bus and talking and laughing. A group of four people conversing next to a bus The two couples are chatting by the bus. Four people taking in front of a bus.	Two girls talking.	neutral
A woman on her wedding day with her wedding gown on looking back at a her family. Several people with their arms around one another at a celebration. The bride at a wedding looking back at a woman dressed in brown. A bride holds her bouquet and gazes back at the crowd.	A crowd standing.	neutral
A baker looks at the camera while leaning on his spatula at the oven door. A man cooking something in an old fire burning oven with an apron on. A man is sitting next to a pizza oven. A man taking a pizza out of an oven	A man making food.	entailment
A man in white pants plays the guitar, singing, as two other band members play along and dance. A man in white pants is playing music with a man in a red shirt and a man in a gray shirt. Three men are playing guitars, singing, and dancing on a stage in a club setting. Young musicians in concert at night.	Men playing musical instruments.	entailment
A yellow dog running through a grassy area carrying something small in its mouth. A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth. A dog runs while holding an object in its mouth. The dog is carrying a toy through the grass.	A puppy running.	neutral
A man with a black helmet is sitting on a black motorcycle. A bearded man in a white t-shirt is riding a motorcycle. An old man riding a motorcycle on a beautiful day. A man riding a motorcycle on a city street.	A man riding his bike through a neighborhood.	entailment
A reporter is talking to a man in the midst of a group of people in a dark room. A small group of people are standing talking to each other outside. A group of people are standing in front of t-shirt hung on a wall. Girls are waiting at a merchandise table after a rock show.	Girls stand.	entailment
A man in a blue shirt with sunglasses on his head is looking at something, smiling. A man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man. A man in a blue shirt looks like he is contemplating something. A man is wearing a blue button down shirt and sunglasses.	A man drinking a beer.	neutral
A man dressed in a gray, short-sleeved shirt and dark colored pants is waiting on food, as smoke rises from a drum. A man stands in front of a shabby structure while smoke billows out of a wooden burner and obscures the man's face. There is a man standing outside a shack with some sort of a primitive looking grill that's smoking. A man starting a small fire in what appears to be a cooking pot or stove.	A man stands next to a wood.	neutral
A bare-chested man launches his skateboard off a ramp. Teen does trick on skateboard while riding the rail. A skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on. A skateboarder doing a trick on a handrail.	A skater grinds a rail.	entailment
A person in orange pants is doing tricks on a snowboard while a person in a yellow cap watches. A person sits on a snowbank watching a snowboarder take a high leap. Snowboarder performing a trick high in the air in a snowy area. A person watches as a snowboarder does a fancy trick in the air	A guy watching another guy.	neutral
Three people stand with fishing poles on the rocks near the water. Three people are standing on rocks near a body of water. Three people walking along rocks, going to go fish Three people are walking on rocks towards a lake.	Fishermen walk.	entailment
A stunt biker leaps into the air beside the setting sun. A bike rider in the air with the sky as background. The person is doing a trick on a bike at dusk. A boy jumps on his bike.	A kid does a trick.	entailment
A woman is smiling at the camera while holding her newborn baby. Mother in hospital gown smiles while holding newborn baby. A mother holds her newborn baby in a hospital room. A mom is very happy to be holding her new baby.	A parent holds her infant in a hospital.	entailment
A man is pouring something into a container in front of a beverage dispensing machine. A man wearing all black and a black hat is pouring a beverage into a cup. A man is fixing a cup of something for him to drink in a shop. A man is filling cups up from a red drink machine.	A man working with machinery.	contradiction
A man is working on a project with wood, a tool, and a wheel. A man wearing a hat and gloves is using a tool to chisel wood. A man in boots wearing a hat is doing some woodwork. An artisan at work woodworking.	A man carves an object.	entailment
Two black dogs running in snow with toys in their mouths. Two black dogs fetching toys in the snow. Two dogs playing in the snow. Two black dogs in the snow.	Dogs biting.	neutral
A vocalist sings into her microphone as she plays the electronic piano. A woman playing the keyboard and singing awash in a blue light. A woman is playing a keyboard while singing into a microphone. Singer performing on stage with acoustics	Women saying something.	entailment
A young child wearing jeans and a multicolored shirt stands on a sidewalk in front of a building. A very young girl is standing outside of a building. A child is wearing jeans and a white sweater. A young girl stands on a sidewalk.	A little girl walking.	contradiction
Man in a black suit smiles at a female in a black sleeveless dress at a formal event. A man in a suit talks to a woman in a black dress. A young woman is flirting with her handsome date. A man and woman enjoying dinner at a party.	A girl sitting at a table.	contradiction
A woman with a purple Mohawk and red shirt is gesturing to someone, while a man with a black Mohawk is speaking to her. A girl with a purple mohawk and a red tank top is pointing and talking to a shirtless guy outside of a building. A lady with a purple mohawk and red sleeveless shirt pointing and laughing. A girl with a purple mo-hawk pointing.	A woman stands.	neutral
A woman with short hair in what appears to be a busy public complex, with a purse slung over her shoulder. Woman in tan dress gazes into the distance with curious expression. A woman is standing by a metal fence looking at something. A woman in a tan tunic leans against a gate.	A woman holding a bag.	neutral
A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city. A skateboarder soars above a ramp. Skateboarder in midair at a park. Man in midair on skateboard	A skater makes a jump.	entailment
A woman wearing a black shirt and shorts walks through a fountain. The woman is walking through the waterspout with a smile. A woman playing in an outdoor water fountain. A woman is getting cooled off in a fountain.	A woman enjoys the spray.	entailment
Men and women sitting and walking around picnic tables and having food. Multiple people in a park eating at a picnic table People enjoying cookout food in a public park. Several people are eating lots of food.	A group eating.	entailment
Two men and one woman play spin the bottle, the one man has spun and landed on the other man, much to his frustration. A man with green hair has won spin the bottle, a second male player shows consternation, a third female is amused. Two men and a woman playing a happy game of spin the bottle. Two guys and a girl are playing spin the bottle.	Man looks in horror at a bottle.	entailment
A driver in racing gear and a helmet is driving a sleek, blue motorcycle. A man is driving a blue motorcycle and leaning into the turn. A motorcyclist in a blue motorbike in a racing track. Man on a track riding a blue motorcycle.	A rider leans into a turn.	entailment
A woman in a red shirt stands by a man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt in front of a stairway. A group of people mill around while a man in a fish costume descends a staircase. An overweight family with sling across bags stand near a group of people. People walk in a building near a set of stairs.	A group waiting.	neutral
A man on an exercise bike that is attached to a video screen. A few people gather around to play video games together. People engaged trying out new technology. Men gather around a computer.	A salesman standing.	neutral
One lonely individual with a yellow backpack and khaki-colored ski pants is crosscountry skiing, high up in the mountains overlooking a large lake. A man wearing a blue jacket and a backpack is skiing through a snow covered forest. A crosscountry skier with a backpack skies across a snow covered hillside. A man is crosscountry skiing on a beautiful day.	A backpacker hikes.	contradiction
A group of people are in Venice using the boat system to get around. People in Venice going on a boat ride. Adults ride a gondola on a sunny day. Six people are on a gondola ride.	Tourist enjoys a ride.	entailment
A bride and groom, who has curly hair and is wearing a kilt, are cutting their wedding cake. A couple at their wedding cutting a cake together. A bride and groom cutting their cake. Bride and groom cutting the cake.	A newly married couple cuts food.	entailment
A group of bicyclists riding down a city road with skyscrapers behind them. Bicyclists wearing smiles ride on a sunny day in an urban landscape. Teens are riding their bikes through the park near the fountains Several bicyclists ride past a fountain in a large city.	A group of riders travels.	entailment
A group of people, a wedding party including a bride and groom, are walking down a path lined by benches and surrounded by grass and trees. A bride and a groom walk down a sidewalk with other guests surrounding them. The people are following the Bride and the Groom at a wedding. A wedding day with the bride in a bright white beautiful dress	Several members of a baseball team walking.	contradiction
Elderly woman adorn with red flower patterned white scarf smiles at night scene. An elderly woman with a white and red scarf and red coat is smiling. An old woman wearing a shawl with red patterns. Old woman in white and redhead cover.	A man laughs.	contradiction
Two men playing a game of kicking a ball over a net, one man is jumping and the other is in the air on his side. Two men are kicking a yellow and black ball over a net. Two athletes are competing in a ball and net game. Two men are flailing around a soccer ball.	Men touching the ground.	contradiction
A man in his white shirt uniform is standing next to a table with a basket of fruits as he talks to a lady. A woman inspects a variety of fruits and vegetables on a small table. A chef explains different varieties of Tomatoes to consumers. A man in a white chef's jacket presenting tomatoes.	A cook talks.	entailment
The man is wearing rolled up blue jeans and holding a video camera on a stone beach. The shirtless man used his camera while sitting on the rocky beach. A shirtless guy turned around videotaping something at the beach. A man on the beach in jeans looking at his camera.	Man filming.	entailment
An older gentleman in front of the window of a deli looking at the fresh cooked meats. A man is outside of a store looking in through the window at the food for sale. A man is looking at ducks hanging through a window of an ethnic food store. An old man looking at the choices of food in a restaurant window.	A man standing on a sidewalk.	entailment
The little girl poured water from a bucket onto the person in the white shirt. A girl is preparing to pour a bucket of water on man wearing a white shirt. A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl. Two people are on a treated lawn playing with water.	A child throwing a bucket.	neutral
A blond woman in a sports jersey sits on a stool next to a table where several others have gathered. Many people are talking at a table with one woman wearing a sports jersey. Four men and two blond women sitting around a table. Friends hanging out and having a few beers.	A group sitting.	entailment
A young boy is taking American flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans. A young boy living in the suburbs walks up the sidewalk holding an American flag. A boy with a red shirt walking on a sidewalk holding American flags. A boy in a red shirt walking with American flags.	A kid walking.	entailment
An older woman is taking a photograph through a window of a young woman with coffee and cigarettes who is sitting at a restaurant table filling out papers with a blue pen. An older lady takes a picture while a young lady sits on the table minding her own business. A woman sitting in a restaurant, drinking coffee and doing some sort of paperwork. A woman at a cafe is drinking coffee while doing paperwork.	A woman studying.	neutral
A band is practicing in a studio, with a guitarist wearing blue jeans and brown shirt in the foreground and a drummer in the background. Two men one standing holding a guitar, the other sitting behind a drum set. A male with glasses is playing a guitar with his band. A singer is playing a song with his band.	Man playing an instrument.	entailment
A young girl reads a book while another lies down in a bedroom. A little girl in a striped shirt is reading a book. One young girl reads a book to another. One child is reading to another.	Child resting.	entailment
A man thoughtfully plays the guitar in front of a black background. A man plays his guitar in a dimly lit room. A man plays guitar in the dark. A young man playing the guitar	A man standing playing an instrument.	neutral
Three girls do back flips and cartwheels in the surf. Three little girls cartwheel in the ocean. Three girls doing back flips on the beach. Three girls do handstands at the beach.	Three children playing on a beach.	entailment
A large group of Muslim people vising some old ruins. A flock of people walking down an ancient street. Several Muslim worshipers march towards Mecca. A group of people walking through a cite.	Women walk.	neutral
Two guys in bright blue t-shirts and shorts with white lettering and sport stripes appear to be running and actively engaged in a game. Two young men in blue sports uniforms running and cheering outdoors. Two men dressed in matching blue uniforms, celebrate a victory. Two men celebrating a win of a game.	Man holding his index finger.	neutral
The skin of this women shows her hard working life as she stands waiting for a walk sign. A woman with black hair wearing a sleeveless dress stands next to a car. Woman with unusual hair design beside the street. The back of a woman's head.	A woman facing away from the camera stands.	entailment
Two guys installing tile in which is maybe a bathroom Two young men laying tile in a bathroom. A photo of two guys laying down tile. Two boys laying tile in a bathroom.	Men pose for a picture.	contradiction
Four kids sit on the back of a guy in a banana suit while he does push ups. A man in a banana custom is carrying four children on his back. Children sit on top of somebody in a banana suit. Kids are sitting on a man in a banana suit.	Children playing with balloons.	contradiction
Two men in purple vests stand next to a table with a cake on it, while several nicely dressed people are sitting at tables. Some men wearing formal clothes stand around a wedding cake. The waitress is placing the cake on a table at a gathering. One of the young is rising cake to pass on to your partner	Men standing in front of food.	entailment
One girl is standing with her back towards us, with another girl sitting down next to her, both looking out toward the water. Standing and sitting evenly with a line of trees, two female figures face the direction of a water body. A group of girls are overlooking the water. Two girls in blue jeans sit by a riverbank.	Girls looking out.	entailment
Five people stand on a bridge while one of the people, a balding man in a brown shirt and jeans, points away from the bridge. A man in a brown shirt is standing on a bridge and pointing while other people walk by. A man is wearing blue jeans standing on a bridge pointing. A man on a bridge pointing to something below.	A man waves.	neutral
Two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game. Two little girls in dresses playing a game by a stone wall. Two girls showing something to each other. Two girls play with origami.	Children facing each other.	entailment
A redheaded woman is dressed in a brown and white outfit with a matching headband and heavy makeup while looking startled in front of a brick wall. A woman wearing a black and white shirt and headband who has red hair and makeup is talking to someone across the room. A girl with brown hair and a black and white dress with her mouth wide open. Women with red hair and white and black shirt with an O face.	A woman appears to be singing.	neutral
An Asian man, woman and boy are selecting packaged food at an inside market. An Asian family of three makes their choice of foods at an Asian market. An Asian family is grocery shopping together at an Asian supermarket. A child and his parents are decisive over which sushi to buy.	A man looking at products.	entailment
A baby sleeping on man who is sitting in front of a table covered with food with other people. Four people are sitting behind a table full of food. A family getting ready to eat a large meal. This family is having dinner.	A group sits.	entailment
A little boy in a striped shirt has his hands on his head. A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head A child with his hands on his head. A boy holds his hands on his head.	A boy walking through the grass.	contradiction
A young brunette, dressed warmly in a dark colored, belted coat and white hat stands alongside the road on a cool, fall day, surrounded by beautiful red, fall leaves. Asian women, in black coat, and wool cap, stands by the road. An attractive woman with a white hat alongside the road. A woman waits on the side of the road.	A woman stands near a street.	entailment
A man by the water is preparing his camera to take photos of a suspension bridge. A photographer sets up equipment next to a blue river at sunset. A man taking a photo of a bridge on the river during sunset. A photographer shooting the sunset at the beach.	An artist takes a picture.	entailment
Two men with dreadlocks sit on the street while a man in a hat and a man in a leather jacket stand behind them. Two guys sitting down on the sidewalk with long hair just looking around. Two dread locked men sitting while other adults stand around. Two men with long hair are sitting on the ground.	Men walking.	neutral
The collie is running down a blue and yellow board. A dog is running down a ramp. Dog is jumping down a ramp. A collie runs down a slide.	A brown and white dog jumping.	entailment
A small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the background. Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them. A dog is near three farm animals with horns outside. A dog prepares to herd three sheep with horns.	A dog is nearby.	entailment
A trio of male musicians are performing with one playing a guitar and singing into a microphone, another holding a harmonica, and the third playing a bass guitar. A group of musicians playing some music in front of a building. A man is singing into a microphone while playing a guitar. A group of musicians performing.	A band sings and plays their instrument.	entailment
A group of men gathered around a table preparing to play a card game. Several elderly men are grouped around a table. A group of men sits around a table. Seniors gathered around a table.	Group having a conversation.	entailment
A police officer is standing in a street full of parked cars posing beside his motorcycle. A smiling police officer is leaning on a police motorcycle outside. A police officer is on the street monitoring an event. A black man and a motorbike.	A policeman stands.	entailment
A skateboarding boy touches his hands to the ground with a long hill in the background. Boy skateboarding on residential street, falling forward with hands on the ground. The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground. A longboarder catches himself before hitting the ground.	A man skateboarding.	neutral
A large group of people are dining in a restaurant and smiling for the camera. Ten people smile while sitting at the sides of a long table in a restaurant. A group of individuals sitting in a restaurant. A group of people at a high class restaurant.	A family poses.	entailment
Two young girls and a boy sit at a table in a kitchen as a man in a gray sweater holds a white disk in front of them. Three children are drawing at a table while being supervised by an adult. A man is showing three kids sitting at a table shadows. Kids are studying shadows.	A group sitting.	entailment
An older woman holds up an older photo of young children while smiling broadly in front of a flower-festooned memorial. A woman dressed in pink is holding a book in front of a veteran memorial. An older woman honoring children and military servicemen at a memorial. A lady is visiting a place important to her.	A woman poses.	entailment
Black and white dog jumping over a blue obstacle A black and white dog jumps over a bar. A border collie jumping over a hurdle. A black dog leaping over a hurdle.	A dog going through an obstacle course.	entailment
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue. A couple standing outside in the dark near some festive lights. Two people stand looking at a light sculpture at night. Beautiful lights accent trees on a dark night.	Men meet.	neutral
Two friends hold onto each other smiling while enjoying a musical festival. A young crowd at an event or party. A crowd of people are clapping. A crowd excited and happy.	Two girls smile.	neutral
A white bird with a black beak begins to land near the water. A bird, wings outstretched, over the water. A black and white bird is flying over water. A bird swooping over water.	An animal spreads its wings.	entailment
A sports team coach, dressed in navy, is pointing emphatically to something outside the picture. A coach wearing a blue shirt points off-camera. Men on a sports field before or after a game. A coach gives instructions on the field.	Man yells.	neutral
People are walking along a beach with a pier in the background. Two young girls in shorts wading in the ocean. People in the water at the beach. Nice sunny day by the pier.	Women walk.	neutral
A motocross bike and sidecar team are riding around a bend on a muddy circuit. Two men riding a dirt bike and one is falling off into a mud puddle. The man falls out of the sidecar into a puddle during the race. Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.	A man drives a motorbike.	entailment
A man in a blue shirt is standing on a ladder cleaning a window. A man on a ladder cleans the window of a tall building. Man in blue shirt and jeans on ladder cleaning windows A man on a ladder cleans a window	Someone standing.	entailment
A man is jumping on another man with a white face and long hair in a wrestling Ring. A wrestler is falling onto another wrestler who is laying in a ring. A professional wrestler takes a flying leap onto another wrestler. People are watching the wrestler fall.	A man performs a move.	entailment
A young man with dreadlocks and a tied dyed shirt is doing tricks on his skateboard. A boy with dreads hangs in the air as he does a kick flip on his skateboard outside. Man in a colorful tie-dye t-shirt doing a trick on his skateboard. A skater with dreadlocks flips his board in while in the air.	A man jumping.	entailment
A young girl wearing a red and white dress and hat, dancing in front of a crowd. A young girl dressed in cultural attire dances for the onlooking spectators. Young woman in a costume appears to be participating in a parade or dance. A young female tap dancer performing in the Town Parade.	A child walking on a road.	contradiction
Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground. Children playing with or cleaning up miscellaneous items. Children playing with broken office equipment. Kids building and destroying objects.	Children building something.	entailment
A group of people wait in line in front of a counter. People waiting in line for their favorite beverage. Several people are standing in line at a counter. A group of people in line at a music venue.	Customers wait.	entailment
Six children are playing a board game accompanied with cups and are facing toward the left of the camera while the Asian boy is grinning at the camera and a girl and a grown man are talking in the back. The children are enjoying a game at what appears to be a small party. A group of kids enjoy snacks and are playing a board game together. A group of young people playing a board game.	A group sitting.	entailment
A man wearing a hat and glasses is performing music outside against a rock wall. A bearded man plays an instrument in front of a stone wall. A man in white playing an instrument outside. A man is playing an instrument.	An older gentleman playing a guitar.	entailment
A black dog is running through the snow with something in its mouth. A black lab in the snow is holding something in its mouth. The black dog carries an object in the snow. A black dog retrieves in the snow.	A dog walks on the field.	neutral
Four young boys are talking to a street vendor in front of an old building while several other adults stand talking further down the street. Two boys are thinking of what they want to buy and two boys picking up money they dropped. Man with a blue box on wheels smiling at the boys playing around him. Children in the street buying ice cream and playing.	A vendor sells drinks.	neutral
A man balances a paper lantern on his outstretched hand. Two glowing lamps hang above a man's hand and his head. A man in a dark colored shirt holds up a unique light. A man is checking out a lantern.	A man standing in a room.	neutral
A little girl in a red shirt going down a purple slide. A smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first. A little girl is sliding down a purple slide. A girl slides down a purple slide.	A small child slides.	entailment
Tourists climb rocks above an ocean to view beautiful light blue seas. People are walking toward the ocean on a sunny beach with rocks. A group of people are walking towards the water on a beach. A group of people wearing hats walk on a rocky beach.	A group follows a man.	neutral
A black dog and a brown dog playing in tall weeds. Two dogs wrestle together in the long grass. Two dogs are playing outside in a field. Two dogs play in tall grass.	A dog standing.	neutral
A person doing a jump with their snowboard over an orange and white caution sign. A long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow. A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign. A snowboarder jumping over a road warning.	A man snowboarding.	neutral
A woman in a pink shirt smiling and holding a camera while sitting on a couch with three people sitting on another couch smiling. People are sitting in the couch and laughing. A family smiling on the couch. Happy family taking pictures.	Group having fun.	entailment
Two females are standing next to animals. Persons are taking care of some animal. A radio hanging from the ceiling. Two women tend to some animals.	A girl looking at animals.	entailment
People looking at a counter of goods with flags from different countries hanging from the ceiling. Some people are looking at the selections in an indoor food court. A man in a store is standing and looking at grocery items. A customer is waiting for food service.	A man standing in front of a display.	entailment
A boy with a blue shirt travels on a skateboard past a Blockbuster video store on the corner. A young boy in a blue shirt skateboard down the street to the local video rental store. The male in a blue shirt and cap skateboards across a city street. A young man skateboarding across the street.	A teen skateboarding.	entailment
Photojournalist on a motorcycle, following marathon runners, one wearing a green shirt and shoes, the other fluorescent orange with blue shoes. Two men one in orange shirt, who is ahead, and one in green shirt running a race. Two Runners, being filmed from a motorcycle, while spectator watch. Two runners in a race being trailed by a motorcycle cameraman.	Two men jogging.	entailment
The little boy in the red shirt is dancing with the lady in the brown shirt and blue jeans while two people look on. Two adults dancing with a little boy while another person standing in the background. A man in a dance studio holds the hand of a boy, teaching him to dance. A little boy and a woman dancing.	Group dances.	entailment
A young boy smiling as he rides down an inflatable water slide. A boy in green trunks slides down a water slide. A boy slides down an inflatable water slide. A boy going down a water slide.	A child reaches the bottom.	neutral
A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats. A choir performing a number on stage with an American flag in the background. A choir made up of varying ages of people are performing. A group of men and women are singing together.	A musician standing.	entailment
An older woman talking to a group of younger women at a tavern. A group of people standing in a restaurant. A group of females are out in a bar. Three women are talking in a bar	Man taking a photograph.	contradiction
An adult is braiding the hair of a young schoolgirl who sitting in a wooden chair in front of a tent with a baby in her lap. A young girl smiles and holds a baby, as bright blue ribbons are tied onto her pigtails. A girl sits, holding a baby, while a ribbon is put in her hair. A woman is putting a ribbon in a little girl's hair.	Children hugging each other.	neutral
An old man, likely a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it. An older white man with glasses works on a metalworking task on an anvil. An older man concentrates on welding something with a hammer. A blacksmith is working with metal on an anvil.	A blacksmith hammering a heated piece.	entailment
A crowd is gathered ready to watch some young adults perform. Crowd gathered around a group of young performers. Children are addressing a crowd on red brick. Kids lined up and surrounded by people.	A group stands.	neutral
Two young Asian girls look off into the distance while standing in an urban area. Two little girls with no facial expressions stand close to each other in a city. Two young Asian girls stand in the street and look concerned. Two young girls looking very concerned.	Two children look at something.	entailment
Two girls in black shirts; one smiling and the other eating an apple. Two women wearing black t-shirts are sitting in the grass. Two women sitting in the grass on a sunny day. Two women are walking through tall grass.	A girl looks at the camera.	neutral
Three men standing under a large red and white sign that reads Arrivo. A red sign reading "ARRIVO" is hanging above a street. A red banner over the street in a foreign city. The red and white sign says "arrivo".	Men stroll.	contradiction
A woman in black boots and a gray umbrella walks away from a group looking at a small dog. A woman with an umbrella walking past a pole and people looking at a little dog. People looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk. A group of people are looking at a cute little dog.	Gentleman walking.	contradiction
A motorcyclist wearing an orange and white uniform jumping off of his motorcycle after losing control, with two other motorcyclists racing up from behind. A man in a motocross race has just turned over his motorcycle as two other riders prepare to overtake him. A motorcycle racer takes a tumble while two competitors come racing up quickly from behind. A cyclist braces for impact as his bike loses control.	A man has fallen.	entailment
An older man dressed in jeans and a puffy dark jacket plays the accordion, seated in front of a stone wall. Man sitting outside on sidewalk playing music while taking donations. Pan handler playing the accordion on the sidewalk. A street musician is playing the accordion.	A middle-aged man playing an instrument.	entailment
A middle-aged man stands in wet, unpaved cement with a somewhat puzzled look on his face. A man is smoothing concrete inside a building wearing jeans and a wife-beater. An older man with a dirty shirt is working in construction. An older workman is standing in wet cement with a trowel.	A man holding something.	entailment
The boy in the black t-shirt is jumping his skateboard over a railing near a path. A boy on a skateboard sliding on a rail. A boy jumps high on his skateboard. A skateboarder rides the rails.	Man skateboarding.	contradiction
A young teenage girl talks to another teenager with a red sweatshirt. Two young girls are talking to one another on a busy street in Asia. Girl wearing a hat and holding her bike talks to her friend. A girl in pink giving another girl a hug.	A child smiles.	neutral
Two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other. Two dogs, playing in a field, wrestling with each other Two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field. Two dogs wrestle in a field.	A dog running in green grass.	entailment
A man in a red jumpsuit and black helmet is driving a red go-kart with the number 20 on the steering column. A young person is enjoying a ride on a go-cart of sorts. A person driving a go-kart turning to his or her left. Woman driving go-kart on a track.	The driver making a turn.	entailment
A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path. A person rides a bicycle through a forest trail. The person in the red is on a bike. Biker riding through the forest.	A rider rounds a corner.	neutral
A man is sitting on a motorcycle, license plate number 66197, and a red helmet is on one of the handlebars. A man sites on a motorbike, holding on to a street pole, in a crosswalk at night. A man is stopped on the street on his motorcycle. A guy on a motorcycle at a streetlight.	A man resting.	entailment
A boy in a green shirt is pushing a shopping cart in which a boy in a yellow shirt is riding. An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy. Two small boys play in a shopping cart in a parking lot. Two boys play with a shopping cart in a parking lot.	Another boy standing.	neutral
A brown dog is running over snow near leafless trees. A brown dog runs across a snowy field. A dog is running through the snow. A dog runs through the snow.	A medium sized dog running.	entailment
Two young Asian girls are sitting on some concrete steps having a snack together. Two little girls are sitting on cement steps eating. Two little girls eating some food on some steps. Two young Chinese girls eating.	Two children eating with chopsticks.	neutral
A girl wears a red dress with a striped shirt as she point to a book held buy a woman in a blue sweatshirt. A woman wearing blue clothing shows a picture book to several small children. A woman sitting in a chair showing children a book. A little girl points at a book.	A teacher instructing children.	neutral
Two metal cages, one containing two rabbits, the other containing cardboard boxes. There are two white rabbits in a caged area. Two white rabbits in an outdoor cage. Two rabbits in a cage.	Rabbits sit.	neutral
Two figures walking in front of an Asian fruit and vegetable market. People walking past a wall with Graphite and writing on the wall. Ho King produce store offering snow peas, broccoli, and napa. Pedestrians are walking past a closed Asian food store.	A man walks behind a woman.	neutral
A Group of people wearing white headbands with two white fluffy balls on each one. A group of people, several of which are wearing fuzzy pink antennae. Several people walking down the street wearing pink fluffy headbands A group of people are wearing bunny ears.	Women walk.	neutral
A man and woman dancer are on stage in the middle of a move that involves the woman leaning backward and the man leaning forwards and over her while holding her up. A man with an open blue shirt is performing a dance move with a woman in purple that entails the woman bending backwards while the man holds her. A young man and woman demonstrating a difficult, and compromising dance pose. A male and a female dancing on a stage.	A couple dancing.	entailment
This baseball player, dressed in red and white uniform and holding a bat, is falling after being hit by a pitch. A child in a uniform is falling to the ground with a bat in his or her hand. A baseball hitter holding a bat falling down. A baseball player runs on the field.	Onlookers watch.	neutral
There are two pro hockey teams going against each other in an arena. Two hockey players battling for the puck after a face off. Members of two opposing teams clash over the hockey puck. Two hockey players fighting for the puck at hockey game.	A referee watches.	neutral
These young ladies are waiting for a ride, but got tired and had to sit down. Two young women with brown hair are sitting on a curb. Two young women are sitting on a curb and chatting. Two women are sitting on the street side.	Women with bags talk.	neutral
A girl with headphones on sitting and writing in a notebook. The girl is in a coffee shop and listening to music. Girl listening to purple headphones at a coffee shop A woman with neon headphones writes in a notebook.	A woman enjoys her beverage.	contradiction
Two casually-dressed men, one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap, make their way through a crowd. A man in a red baseball hat, followed by others, is walking toward the camera. A man in a Detroit Red Wings cap walks in front of two people with cowboy hats. Two men walking down the street.	A man carries a black bag.	neutral
A male conductor wearing all black leading an orchestra and choir on a brown stage playing and singing a musical number. A choir and an orchestra performing a musical piece in some kind of theater hall. A string instrument band and chorus singers rehearsing. An orchestra plays in an ornate hall.	A group stands in the background.	neutral
A little girl wearing a pink dress is running across the grass. A little girl in pink in running through a sprinkler. A girl runs through sprinklers on a lawn. A girl in pink runs through a sprinkler.	A blond child running.	neutral
Asian men are participating in some kind of activity wearing traditional garb. Men dressed in costumes take part in a performance as a crowd watches. A man in white is smiling and holding something in his hand. Colorful costumed men in a performance.	Asians dancing.	neutral
Four men, dressed in white overall suits that prevent infection, are in a room with mechanical equipments and a ladder. Engineers in full bodysuits and gloves are working around metal machines. The men are wearing white suits to protect themselves. Workers in suits performing tasks in a laboratory.	Men stand.	entailment
A man in a black hooded sweater stands behind a rich variety of fruits and vegetables. A man at a vegetable market pointing at something. A man works behind his fruit and vegetable stand. A colorful vegetable stand in a grocery store.	Vendor stands.	entailment
Two men and a woman are standing in water with a golden retriever. Two men and a woman play with a dog in the water. Three friends play with a dog in a lake. The dog is in the water with people.	Men swimming in a body of water.	contradiction
A girl with brown hair and is wearing a pink and blue striped shirt is standing outside with a bunch of other people. A crowd standing in groups on cement area across from parking lot and building in background. A crowd of people in front of a building. A gathering outside a school.	A crowd waiting.	neutral
A man wearing a black shirt has his hand on the back of a man wearing a red shirt. Two men in red shirts are standing with a man in a black shirt. A praying man is comforted by another man in a parking lot. A group huddled together saying a little prayer.	A man bows his head in prayer.	neutral
Three people in jackets standing at the bottom of a large rock formation. Three people standing on a mountain about halfway to the top. Three people are posing in front of a large rock mountain. Three people are posing on the side of a mountain.	Men standing on a cliff.	neutral
A young man wearing blue bandanna around his neck is playing the guitar and singing in the microphone. A guitarist on stage playing and singing with his keyboardist in the background. A young man wearing a purple bandanna around his neck plays the guitar. A young man playing an electric guitar.	A teen plays an instrument.	neutral
Three little children in a grassy yard running towards the camera. Three toddlers are running towards the camera in a grassy yard. Three young children are walking through a grassy yard. Three little kids are playing on a yard.	Two little girls running.	neutral
A dog being held by a harness on a waterboard over splashing water with a tube structure in the background. A man is suspended above water while holding a large ski that is shaped like a skateboard. Waterskier jumps off the water's surface, unknown structure in background. A water boarder being towed during a jump.	A man dropping from a rope.	neutral
A surfer is about to attempt a large wave, he is also wearing a life jacket for protection. Black and white image of a wave crashing in the ocean. There is a wave about to take down a surfer. A surfer is riding a very big wave.	A man rides a wave on his surfboard.	entailment
A man sleeps in front of a painted blue wall with green graffiti. A person takes a nap on the sidewalk, underneath some graffiti. A man in dirty clothes sleeps against a blue wall with graffiti. A man sleeping on the sidewalk under blue and green graffiti.	A man laying on a street.	entailment
One man wearing blue and other is wearing red, racing horses on a track. Two people that our very close in the horse race. Two horses and jockeys in a race. Two people riding horses.	Animals run.	entailment
Several African American men are holding guitars and wearing white suits and hats with blue ribbon accents. A parade is taking place at night in the streets. Men with huge mouths play their instruments. A group of people playing guitars in white.	Adults in white clothing with stringed instruments.	entailment
A man wearing a light blue shirt and gray pants is crouched in a field holding nuts in his hand. A man is crouched on his field harvesting roots in the middle of the day. A guy wearing a white shirt and blue pants is harvesting some vegetables. A man is harvesting vegetables from the brown earth.	Man digging.	entailment
The motocross bike is doing a jump in the air in front of the crowd. A motocross rider doing a jump in front of an audience. A dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd. The motocross rider does a trick in the air.	Man performing a trick high in the air.	entailment
A man wearing an orange shirt picks up a French fry with chopsticks. A man in an orange t-shirt eating French fries with chopsticks. A man in an orange shirt holding a French fry with chopsticks. A man in an orange shirt is eating a meal.	A man sitting at a table.	neutral
A girl wearing a white sweatshirt and jean shorts has a big smile on her face as she walks along. A girl on the phone standing in front of beautiful plants is passed by another smiling girl. A young woman walks by another young woman talking on the phone and leaning on a wall. A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.	A teen girl walks.	entailment
Three men are standing in an outdoor fruit market where several motor scooters are parked. A fruit stand run by two men in front of a large amount of vehicles. Three men are gathered around a fruit stand. This fruit market is not busy yet.	Vendors selling fruit in a market.	entailment
A man in a black beanie and green jacket sits on a rock on a staircase and speaks to two other people. I don't see a picture I don't see a picture I don't see a picture I don't see a picture Three men are talking in front of old stairs on the street. Man in a green jacket sitting on steps.	A man pointing a finger.	neutral
A husband and wife walk by a marketplace while traveling. A young couple walk past a street vendor selling food. There is a couple walking through a farmer's market. A couple walks through an open air market.	A man and a woman walk.	entailment
A group of people on a riverbank some sitting on the grass some standing. Several people sitting and standing on a grassy area next to the water. A group of people are gathered near the water. People gather in a grassy area near a lake.	Girls sitting in the grass.	neutral
A crowd of people are sitting on a bench beside a white statue of a man's head in a park like setting while four pigeons look on. A group of men, women, and children is clustered in a sunny area with benches and a statue. A group of people are sitting on benches at a park with pigeons walking around. Kids play around a statue bust outside.	A family sitting.	neutral
A white dog has caught a stick on the beach beside the ocean. A small white dog catching a stick on the shore at the beach. A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth. A fluffy dog holds a stick in its mouth on a beach.	A dog running along a beach.	neutral
A man works with some machinery on a subway car or train. A man is operating a chain to work on a train. Man works on lowering a train on tracks. A mechanic working on a train.	A man standing beside a train.	entailment
A group of people posing for a picture with the sun behind them. Young people pose for their picture in the countryside. A group of young people pose for a picture in a field A group of people posing for a picture on the grass.	Friends posing.	entailment
A guy on a BMX bike is in midair over a dirt road in a forest after having gone off of a jump. A man jumping his bicycle off dirt mounds is several feet in the air. A man jumping a bicycle over a dirt path surrounded by trees. Bicycle sportsman leaps bike in the air on a camping trail.	A man doing a trick.	entailment
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall. A delivery man is passing by two people at an art gallery. Some people are looking at pictures at an art gallery. People admiring paintings on the street.	A man walking.	neutral
Two men; one in a blue shirt and ball cap, and the other in a white shirt playing frisbee on a field near an airport. Two men play a frisbee game near an airport. Two male opponents play ultimate frisbee. Two men fighting while playing frisbee.	A man lunging.	neutral
A crowded street with a few people wearing white shirts and polka dotted skirts walking in a line. There are many people outside, including a group of girls all wearing polka dot skirts. A group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street. Large crowd congregating in a busy street.	A group walking across a crosswalk.	neutral
A flaming red-haired middle-aged woman with pale skin is standing in front of a brick wall. A girl with extremely red hair, blue eyes, and fair skin waves. A beautiful red-haired woman is posing for the camera. Girl with red hair modeling.	A woman holds up her hand.	neutral
The short-haired dog is running across a grassy yard. A light-colored dog runs through the grass. A dog running in the grass. A dog running on grass	A beige and white dog running.	neutral
A group of uniformed schoolgirls crosses a street in a residential neighborhood, with a fancy balcony and a less prominent balcony on the left, much less ornate structures on the right, and a beautiful yellow church with two towers in the background against a blue sky with thin clouds. A group of girls in school uniforms is walking past a town square with a large classic looking church in the background. School children walking in line past a church on a sunny day. Children in uniforms cross a wide street.	Teens walking.	neutral
A black and white bird getting ready to land on the water. White bird with red eyes gets ready for a landing. A long legged white bird is landing in the water. Bird hovers above water.	An animal flaps its wings.	entailment
One lady is standing next to a sun filled building with columns. A woman waters the plants outside of a large stone building. A woman stands near flowers decorating a building. A woman is on the steps of a church.	A person tending to flowers.	entailment
Five men dressed as women in black fur coats and glasses, outside of a store on the street, all holding purses in their hands. Five people are dressed in black fur coats with blond wigs leaning on a building. Men dressed in drag outside a store. Five men in drag holding purses	Women standing.	neutral
A body boarder with yellow flippers gets thrown around by a wave. The man is tossed from his boogie board by a large wave. A man boogie boarding sails over the wave. A surfer in blue surfs a wave.	A man wakeboarding.	entailment
A man is sitting by a large plant waiting to shine a customer's shoes. A shoeshine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat. A shoe shiner waits for customers. A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A man sits.	entailment
Two men do karate - one strikes sideways with his arm, while the other kicks straight out in front of him. Two men are performing what looks like martial arts. The man on the left dodges his attacker's strike. Two martial artists sparring as onlooker watch.	Two fighters fight in front of a group.	entailment
Blond girl in a yellow-belt martial arts uniform standing in front of a door and carrying a large trophy. A girl in a white outfit with a yellow belt is holding a trophy. A young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy. Little girl holding a karate trophy.	A child smiles for the camera.	entailment
A man is on a ladder trying to harvest some wheat or see over the top of it. A man working with plants trying to get his setup perfect. A man uses a ladder to stand next to a bay of wheat. A man on a ladder in tall grass.	A man making something.	neutral
Two adults and three small children are walking on a sidewalk in a park-like setting. Children walk down a path on a sunny fall day. Small children romping through a park. Group of kids in the park	Kids run.	entailment
A woman in a white bonnet and red dress looking out her window. A woman in a red dress and a bonnet, looks out from a window. A woman in a red dress is looking out of a window. A woman in a red dress looks out a window.	A woman leaning over a table.	contradiction
Girl wearing a mini dress and long-sleeve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area. A woman wearing black boots and a skirt walks down the sidewalk. A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores. A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.	A woman walking down a busy city street.	entailment
Two football teams one team in white and green another team in yellow and black it looks as if a member of the yellow and black team has scored a touchdown. The University of Iowa's Hawkeyes football team, scores a goal in the end zone against the Michigan State Spartans. A football player scores a touchdown as the opposing team tackles him. A football runner crosses the goal line while being tackled.	Teams playing a game of football.	entailment
Large crowd standing on the side of the road waving at something or someone passing by. There is a small crowd gathered, some with American flags and some taking pictures. Group of people waving small American flags by a fence. People holding small American flags.	A group waits.	entailment
There are four girls three in a dress and on in jeans and a shirt. Girls, who are all dressed in dresses, dance in a dark room. Three women dancing at a crowded nightclub. Young women at a dance club.	A group having fun.	entailment
A white man and an African American appear to be sitting in front of a scenery with plants and a tree. A man with a hat and a checkered shirt sitting next to another man with sunglasses on his forehead. A man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other. Dark and light-skinned men sit in front of a tree.	Two men looking in different directions.	neutral
A little girl is jumping into a breaking wave on the beach. This boy is spreading his arms while playing in the water. A young man playing in a wave at the beach A girl plays in the surf at the beach.	A kid rides a wave.	neutral
People in a crowded flee market searching for things to buy. Shoppers checking out local buys at a street market. Two men and a woman in a market looking at a bike. A woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle.	A crowd looks for items.	entailment
People seated around a long table are toasting something with wineglasses. People sitting at a dining table raise their glasses in a toast. Seven people smile and toast after a grand meal. Seven people drink wine around the table.	A group sits.	entailment
Several adults wearing yellow helmets and life vests are white water rafting. A group of friends white water rafting and having a great time. A group of people in a raft smile as they navigate the rapids. People are white water rafting.	A group of men laughing.	neutral
Traditional native, female dancers presenting a dance for the audience. Two East Indian women wearing traditional garb are dancing on stage. Women dancing on a stage while wearing a blue dress. A tradition Indian woman dancing.	Women dancing in front of crowd.	entailment
A snowboarder in a green jacket catches some air. A person in a green coat is snowboarding. A snowboarder jumps off of a jump. A snowboarder jumps on the snow.	A man snowboarding.	neutral
A young girl is lifted by a red-haired woman in glasses partially up a playground pole as the girl looks skyward with a large smile on her face. A little girl, in a blue and white shirt, with her mom at a playground. A little girl who is smiling is being lifted up by an adult. A little girl is helped up a bar by a woman.	A child laughing.	neutral
The little girl is sitting on a small wicker chair wearing a cute yellow and white dress. A small girl wearing a yellow dress rocking in a tiny white chair. A toddler in a sundress sits in a miniature wicker rocking chair. A little girls sits in a small chair outside.	A child sitting outdoors.	entailment
A soccer player in a red outfit is about to kick the ball while a player wearing a blue outfit looks at him while running in the background. A young man with yellow cleats and a maroon soccer jersey kicks the ball while his opponent in a navy blue soccer jersey jogs to cover him. Two guys one in a red uniform and one in a blue uniform playing soccer. Two men on opposing teams race toward a soccer ball.	A child and a child running.	contradiction
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt. There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball. A brown dog and two white dogs are bounding after a ball. Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball.	A woman jumping.	contradiction
A female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture. A dancer wearing white shirt and shorts is photographed by a man also wearing white. A photographer photographs a dancer performing. The image links are broken.	An attendant poses.	neutral
A woman playing guitar and singing in the foreground and three others performing behind her. A woman singing and playing an acoustic guitar and three people accompanying her. An old woman singing and playing music. A band performs.	Two women stand on a street.	neutral
Two sweet young girls on ice skates, hands up and holding on to each other get ready to begin their performance on the ice. A girl with short black hair and a girl with long blond hair pose while ice skating. Two children are posing with their arms up on an ice rink. Two young girls waving while on an ice skating rink.	Child bending over.	neutral
A man and a woman in Indian garb are weighing a metal container. This woman is at a marketplace weighing in what she picked A woman in a sari is talking to a man in a white shirt. Two people are weighing something in a silver can.	Some men jumping.	contradiction
People are sitting on a park bench while there are 3 pictures visible in the foreground. Two people converse on a park bench in the background of a box of memorabilia for sale. A picture of Audrey Hepburn with a pink background for sale. Pictures of a lady for sale.	A man doing work.	contradiction
A cyclist is performing a jump next to a black advertising banner. A man in a white t-shirt jumping something on his yellow bike. The man is performing a trick off a ramp with a bicycle. A male doing a bicycle trick in midair.	Riders walk.	contradiction
A group of people are eating together outside in the park. A group of people eating on a picnic table at a park. The girls gathered for a summer barbecue. A group of women are eating on a terrace.	A group sits knitting.	contradiction
A biker with a white helmet is in midair with a cloudy sky and city skyline in the background. A BMX biker is in the air completing a trick with only one foot on the pedals. A Man doing a high up jump on a bike with a cityscape behind him. A man doing a trick on a bike while in the air.	A group has their bikes.	neutral
A young man wearing a black shirt and a young lady also wearing a black shirt are rollerblading outside. A man and a woman dressed in black are rollerblading. Two kids rollerblading on the sidewalk together. Two young adults rollerskate.	Team skating.	neutral
A lone motorcyclist jumping through the air in front of a large crowd. A motorcycle rider is in midair in front of a crowd. The motocross rider is jumping his dirt bike. A biker performs before a crowd.	A crowd forms.	neutral
The man is standing with his arms around the woman as they look at the canal. A man hugging his spouse looks across the waterway. Two people overlook a body of water during the day. Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.	A couple embracing while standing.	entailment
A man in a black shirt and a woman in black and red sit at a table eating together. A woman and a man, wearing black shirts, share a dinner conversation. A woman and a man sitting at a table eating. Two people eating at a restaurant.	A man in the background watches a man.	contradiction
A person wearing a black coat and a helmet with spiky things is posing on the lawn in front of a crowd of people. One person performing a show in front of a large audience sitting on the lawn A performer putting on an act in front of a large crowd of people. A man standing in front of a crowd.	A crowd enjoying themselves.	neutral
A group of kids around college age, sitting around in a house with a board game on the wooden coffee table. Six people, four male and two female, hanging out in a living room. A group of friends and family having fun by playing a board game. A group of people hanging out and playing a board game.	A group having dinner.	contradiction
A man with a mo-hawk haircut, wearing a t-shirt that says "Detroit Rocks" is using DJ equipment while two girls are behind him smiling. A DJ at a club making sure the sound is good with two ladies behind him watching. A disk jockey mixes the music as girls dance behind him. Dj spinning the tape with two beautiful girls in back.	Cameramen stand.	contradiction
Cheerleaders in blue and white are lined up on a football field in front of the end zone with a cameraman and spectators in the foreground. Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post. Cheerleaders in blue uniforms perform in the end zone of a football field. The high school cheerleaders perform the big routine.	Students stand.	neutral
A pink car and a motorcyclist pass a storefront decorated with mannequins. This appear to be an older picture with an old car. An old Cadillac and a white motorcycle on a street. Mannequins on a rooftop of a saloon in Arizona.	A guy has a hat.	contradiction
Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels. A man is riding a galloping horse while they both are wearing a wide range of festive clothing A man in a green robe rides a white horse across a sandy floor. A person in a flowing decorated robe rides a white horse.	Women having some sort of protest.	contradiction
A man with glasses is reading a book while lying in a red, orange and yellow striped hammock next to a sidewalk. A man reads a book in an orange and yellow hammock. A man reading a book in a yellow and red hammock. Man resting reading a magazine.	Men watching two men.	contradiction
An Asian child leans against green metal in front of a large dirt pile. A small child outside in front of a large dirt pile. A person walking uphill from a construction zone. A young child walking away from a pile of dirt.	Child jogging.	contradiction
A man grasping the chain marking a roped-off area watches closely as a dancer wearing a pink tutu and red boxing gloves performs on a street in front of a hotel, with a crowd of other spectators and a crossing guard in the background. A woman dressed in a neon pink tutu and leotard dramatically holds her boxing gloved hands above her head in a crowded public space. A young woman dressed in a pink tutu and boxing gloves performs on the street. Female in a pink tutu and pink boxing gloves performing in a chained off area.	A woman does dishes.	contradiction
A young man is walking around a theme park while a line of people waits for a ride in the background. A man with a black t-shirt and blue shorts is walking at Droney Park. A young man in a black shirt and blue shorts is playing air guitar. A man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park.	A man stands next to another man.	contradiction
Asian people walk down a street with billboard advertisements in the background. A group of Asian people are walking on a busy street. A crowd of Asians walking around the city. A busy crosswalk somewhere in Asia.	Men walk towards a building.	neutral
A swimmer with goggles on looking towards something out of view. The swimmer is wearing goggles and looking into the distance. A young girl in her swimsuit is getting ready to compete. A young girl dressed in swimwear and goggles	Dogs sitting.	contradiction
A street performer strumming on his guitar, waiting for people to toss him tips. A man in a brown shirt and black pants is sitting on the sidewalk with a guitar. A man with a beard and white bandannas is playing the guitar on the sidewalk. A man in a brown shirt is sitting on the sidewalk and playing a guitar.	A man plays in a soccer game.	contradiction
Thin woman dressed in navy blue pants and light blue thin parka with a top to cover her head, seems to be floating in a kitchen at 1:55 pm, according to the clock on the wall and she has a glass in her left handheld up from the bottom of it A girl wearing blue pants and a shirt with a hood is seen flying up above nearly two feet from the ground holding a glass which she has removed from the dishwasher. A woman in a kitchen, leaps in the air while attempting to balance a glass cup in one hand. A woman wearing only socks floating towards an open dishwasher.	Women hiding.	contradiction
A young woman with a shopping bag is crouched on a cobbled sidewalk petting a small brown and white puppy. A girl in a white shirt with a shopping bag stops on the street to feed a puppy. A brown-haired girl stoops to pick up a small white puppy on an empty street. A young woman stoops to feed a small dog on a brick-paved street.	Some children playing jump rope.	contradiction
Two girls, a man, and a woman smile for a picture in a public place. A girl with face paint and an orange sweater stands with her party. A young girl in an orange sweater is smiling. People in a group gathered smiling.	A mom standing.	neutral
A blond toddler in a white shirt and green pants standing at a wooden fence. A blond toddler in green trousers peeks through a fence. A toddler in green shorts is standing by a wooden fence. A toddler walks along a fence.	Boy stands on a street.	neutral
The girl is at a petting zoo and feeding a camel. A young girl feeding a camel. A girl is feeding a camel A little girl feeds a camel	Kids sitting down.	contradiction
A woman in a red shirt is gesturing behind a male in a white shirt. The man in this picture shrugs off his friends sarcastic attitude. A man and a woman inside of a dark location with a drink nearby. A male and female are at a table with a drink.	Men rafting.	contradiction
A little girl in a pink dress lays her head on a woman's lap, sucking her thumb. A child rests on her mother lap exhausted from a day of sun and fun at the beach. A young girl asleep on a woman's lap after a day at the beach. A little girl falls asleep while sucking her thumb.	Kids skating.	contradiction
Two guys stand outside of a building that has been spray painted with words. Two young men in jeans and dark jackets standing in front of a building. Two young men in black jackets hanging out by a graffitied wall Two men stand near a wall that has writing painted on it.	Toddler drinks.	neutral
A baker looks at the camera while leaning on his spatula at the oven door. A man cooking something in an old fire burning oven with an apron on. A man is sitting next to a pizza oven. A man making fire roasted pizza.	A man relaxing.	contradiction
Two middle-aged women perform on a stage, one playing keyboards, the other singing. A woman holding a microphone and another woman playing the piano. Two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night. Two female musicians are on outdoor stage at night.	A woman relaxes.	neutral
A man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside. Through an open doorway there is a man outside with a shovel and a wheelbarrow. A view through a doorway of a man shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow. A person is shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow.	A man is high.	contradiction
A man is giving directions at a helicopter landing pad aboard an aircraft carrier. The man is giving directions to keep everyone safe by the helicopter. Men wearing colorful jackets are around a landed helicopter. Seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	A man walking down a path with children.	contradiction
Two firemen in gear standing in front of a firetruck with red light. Two firefighters are standing next to a firetruck. Two firemen getting ready to get onto a firetruck. Two firemen are standing next to their firetruck.	A man has a guitar.	contradiction
A man is a black ninja suit with a mask is playing a guitar. A man wearing a black ski mask is playing a guitar. A person in a black ninja costume playing a guitar. A man wearing a ninja suit plays the guitar	A man sculpting.	contradiction
A woman with white hair chisels at an uncompleted sculpture. White-haired man works on sculpture. An artist creating a sculpture. A white-haired man sculpting.	Some men gathering.	contradiction
Three men sit on rocks in the sand while the man in the red hat and shirt looks out. Two guys sit on rocks while another stands looking in the distance. Three young men sit on rocks at the top of a mountain. Three guys sitting on rocks looking at the scenery.	An American sitting.	neutral
A group of people are sitting at a picnic table drinking while some are making faces. Young people are seated around a picnic table with bottles of drinks on it. Several people are sitting around a picnic table drinking beers. A group of people drinking in a park.	A group having dinner.	neutral
A man leads while his horse pulls his cart along the dirt road. A man wearing a ha is taking his horse out for a walk. Horse and man standing on a dirt trail. Man in cap stands next to horse.	A man is coming from a concert.	contradiction
A man is making a gesture next to a large red building with a logo of a birds on it. A black man in a t-shirt and jeans is posing in front of a firehouse. A man in a blue shirt holds his arms out in front of a red building. A man showing pride and being proud of a fire department.	Three men stand on a field.	contradiction
An Asian youth with red hair and painted face plays a guitar and sings. A young woman playing guitar and singing on a stage. A young lady is playing a guitar and singing. Singer playing guitar on stage.	A man holds an instrument and sings.	neutral
An old man in a business suit walks and smokes a cigarette outside by a clock. An old man in a suit is smoking a cigar and walking forward. A man in suit coat walks outside while smoking. An old man with a cigarette in his mouth.	A man walking past a bar.	neutral
A black-haired baby in a yellow jumper smiling happily at whomever is taking the picture. An infant with dark hair wearing a yellow shirt laughing. A small baby dress in yellow smiles. A baby that is smiling big.	A baby splashes.	neutral
A young child wearing a blue top is on a blue toy. A small boy plays on a blue toy structure. Boy in gray sweater outside with leaves. A child playing with an empty pool.	A child waiting.	entailment
A man in a black leather coat with a 1950s hairstyle is playing a guitar and singing on stage. A man in a leather jacket is playing a guitar and singing to a crowd. The rock star is playing his guitar while he is singing. A musician on stage singing and playing guitar.	Three women play an instrument.	neutral
Two workers are on a cherry-picker, one leaning out with a safety harness and the other smiling at the camera. Two men wearing safety harnesses are working on a light fixture. Two blue collar workers are working on a stage. Two men in safety harnesses work together.	A man crying.	contradiction
Young gymnasts execute a team move while spectators record the show. Two girls are raising another girl in the air. Two girls are holding another girl in the air. Young girls practicing gymnastics.	A group of children watching another child.	contradiction
A man with a red shirt is laying on bikes in an urbanized Asian community. A bald ma in a red shirt sleeping on a motorized scooter. A man wearing a red shirt reclines against a motorcycle. A display of motorcycles inside of a mall.	People share a meal on a mountain.	contradiction
A group of eleven smiling kids and young teens are divided into two groups, in a large, indoor swimming pool, with the back person in each group holding their arms up. In this picture we have about eleven girls posing for a picture in a pool. Eleven little girls posing as a team in a pool. Group of young kids in a swimming pool smiling.	Man doing a pose.	neutral
A woman in a red shirt standing next to a woman in a black shirt and holding a bottle of water. Two slim, pretty women in skimpy clothes walking together. Two women walking on the sidewalk in workout clothes. Just got done with an outrageous run.	Some women watch.	neutral
A group of men are chatting about the boat on display. Sailors take a break from the rough waters to mingle. Five people examine a boat in a harbor. Many people looking at a ship.	Another man plugs.	neutral
Group of people sitting around a table next to meat hanging on hooks and laid out on a table. Men in short-sleeved shirts are gathered around a table in a meat shop. Five Asian men eat at a table next to meat on meat hooks. Workers at meat market share a meal.	A woman twirling.	contradiction
The man is wearing a black shirt, holding a pail, and walking with a child next to the water. A man and toddler are walking along the beach in front of the ocean. A man with a bucket and a girl in a hat on the beach. A man and a young child walk along the beach shore.	A man onlooking.	neutral
Many people walking down a busy street holding umbrellas in the rain. People are walking down a sidewalk in the rain with umbrellas. People with umbrellas walking past shops in the rain. People walking in the rain.	A man walking in front of a building.	neutral
The man is trying to start a fire in his backyard fire pit. A man is placing wood into a small fire outdoors. Man adding wood to a fire. A man building a fire.	Two men helping another man.	neutral
A bald man in a gray button-up shirt and a black blazer is glancing down from his glasses while writing something in a book which appears to be a book signing as he has similar books stacked beside him. The author signs several copies of his novel. A man sitting at a desk writing in a book. A man reading and autographing a book.	Men skydiving.	contradiction
Two people are walking in opposite directions in front of the same store that says there is a 50 % sale. People are walking, sitting, and standing outside of a department store. People walk in front of a store that is having a 50 % SALE. Pedestrians walking past a 50 % off sale.	A man is in midair.	contradiction
A woman in a white dress shows a man in a suit something in her hand. A groom laughing as his new bride holds her hand up to her face. A man in a jacket and tie smiles at a woman in a white dress. Bride eating wedding cake from her new husband's shirt.	A red-haired woman stands.	neutral
A man in black clothes is watching a child making a splash in a pool. A man and little girl are playing in an above ground swimming pool. A girl jumps into a swimming pool with a guy in black. A man and little girl splashing in pool.	A man stands talking on his phone.	neutral
A man in a black shirt shares something with a group of girls sitting on a bench. A group of young people are hanging out together outside in a commercial area. Four Asian women sitting on a bench while a man talks to them. Girls sitting on a bench talking to a guy.	A boy doing a kick.	contradiction
A group of four men and to women are at a meeting and paying close attention to someone or something. A group of older men and women sit attentively listening in metal folding chairs. A group of men and women sit in brown chairs while looking off to the distance. A small group of people listening to a speaker or presentation.	A class sits.	neutral
Two young violinists walking towards the camera from a door. A man and a woman are holding string instruments. Two musicians holding their violins and smiling. Two violinists standing outside a door.	A woman deciding.	contradiction
A white dog is walking through the leafy grass while a brown dog is about to bite it. A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass Two little dogs run through the leaves. A brown dog chasing a white dog.	Dogs play while men watch.	contradiction
A little girl makes a mess on her hand and face while eating in her baby chair. A little girl in a highchair is messily eating spaghetti. The girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket. A girl messily eats a plate of pasta.	A child sitting in a seat.	entailment
A woman is handling meat from a clear glass meat cage while standing before a wooden counter with a large metal bowl on it. A woman wearing a black stands in front of a counter while she holds a piece of meat. A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant. A woman working long hours.	Women having a conversation.	contradiction
A guy in all black and boots is kicking in the air with an arid landscape in the background. It looks like a man practicing his martial arts moves near some muddy looking water. Oriental man practicing his karate moves by the ocean. Karate kick in the desert	A man jumping and doing a trick.	neutral
A doctor wearing blue scrubs leans against a wall while watching others work on a patient. Medical staff looks on as a medical procedure takes place on a video monitor. A medical worker wearing a mask in the hospital. A man in blue scrubs observes an operation.	Deer stand.	contradiction
Eight people are shown in the picture in snow gear seeming to be skiing. Seven people are taking a break from skiing to chat in a snowy clearing. Several skiers standing around talking in a snowy scene. A group of adults getting ready to ski	A group partying.	contradiction
A transit station with carryall bags in view, and a crouching man and woman talking to each other with baskets in front of them. Man with a cigarette in his mouth bent over talking to an old woman in a pink cap. Man and Woman viewing a lottery ticket in China. Too older people with baskets.	Two women and a man sitting eating.	contradiction
A man riding the subway with an open book startlingly looking on. A man that is standing on the train is reading a book. A man with a shaved head is reading a book on a train. A man surrounded by others in a subway train.	Group talks.	neutral
There is a lady in a dress walking across a busy street beside of a taxi. A woman is crossing a street where a traffic jam has occurred. Woman in long skirt walking across street. Woman walking alone downtown.	A woman holds a bag on a street.	contradiction
A young brown-haired girl in a long-sleeve white shirt and gray pants is playing with red wooden pegs at a park. A mother and her baby are at a park with both of them touching a part of an apparatus. A woman and child are at a park manipulating one of the toys there. Mother playing with her daughter	A baby waiting.	neutral
A young woman with an elaborate hairstyle sings into a microphone in an unspecified situation. A woman with black hair and a blue scarf is singing into a microphone. Brunette woman dressed in eccentric attire singing. A lady with a green dress is using a microphone.	A woman sitting next to a woman.	neutral
The black dogs try to wrestle the dog away from each other. Two large, black dogs are playing with a collapsed ball. There are two black dogs playing tug-of-war outside. Two black dogs playing tug-of-war.	Gray dogs fighting.	neutral
A young boy in khaki overalls is holding a book about Elmo with lots of other books scattered around. A young boy enjoys several children books scattered on the floor, next to a shelf of toys. A child plays with books on the floor. A toddler is looking at books.	A child with a hat sitting.	neutral
A rugby player is jumping up to catching a ball, with a player in blue below him. A football player in a red shirt holds a ball in a game watch by spectators. A man being cheered on engaged in a soccer game celebrating a possible win. A male player holding a football at a game	A man sculpting.	contradiction
School children dressed in their uniforms look around at their surroundings in the classroom. Young students in a rural school long to be released from the classroom. Young African children are attending class in a one room schoolhouse. Asian little kids in a school waiting for a teacher.	Children listening.	neutral
Five men playing a sport on a field with multicolored shirts on. The hockey goalkeeper is reaching out for the ball. A group of men playing Lacrosse at night. A goalie makes an amazing save.	The players score.	neutral
A group of people are cleaning out a shed and have a large garbage bin with them. A man with no shirt on is standing next to a dumpster outside. A group of people organize refreshments outdoors. People are standing near a tent with groceries.	Women competing against each other.	contradiction
In a music classroom with a grand piano in the background, a conductor wearing an orange shirt, is leading a choir of which only one lady is visible. A Caucasian male wearing an orange dress shirt is reviewing a stack of pages while addressing a class member. A man is standing behind a podium, holding up his right arm in front of a lady holding a brochure. A man conducting with a woman holding a book.	A man slides.	contradiction
A young child with orange sleeves stands alone in the woods. A little boy is standing alone in a wooded park. The little boy poses in the garden. Small boy in forest.	Team members stand.	contradiction
There is a man dressed in black and a woman wearing a colorful floral dress holding hands and expressing happiness at a party. A man in a black suit is dancing with a woman in a floral dress. A well dressed man and woman wearing floral dress dancing. A man and women dancing and looking into each other eyes.	A man snowboarding.	contradiction
A strike is currently going on and there are lots of people. A person speaks at a protest on a college campus. A woman is speaking at a podium outdoors. Members of a strike at Yale University.	Someone parachuting.	contradiction
A few people walking through the grocery store. People trying to do shopping in a small town. People walking around in a store shopping. People are in a grocery store.	A child walking.	neutral
A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies. Three people, faces obscured, standing in formal dress. Two women looking at the camera and a man looking away. A group of three people walking together.	Man posing for a picture with his woman.	neutral
The people are busy walking in the street. A family is taking part in a walk-a-thon. An excited child running in a race. Some people are in a race.	A quarterback running.	contradiction
Woman in Jacket with hood up walks alone down crowded street. A girl in a dark jacket standing in the rain. Girl bundled up in jacket against the cold. A child standing and staring at something.	Girl jogging.	neutral
A man in green on a green bike is in the air after jumping off a ramp. The man is performing a trick on a bicycle high in the air. A person is doing a bike trick in midair of a dirt jump. A BMX rider wearing green jumps over a dirt hole.	A cyclist catches air.	entailment
Two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond hair talking and walking down a sidewalk. Two women walk down the sidewalk in front of parked cars. A brown-haired woman walking with a blond-haired woman. Two girls are walking down the sidewalk.	A crowd walks down a street.	contradiction
A man in a red tracksuit holds a lit torch, while another man in the same red tracksuit pushes his wheelchair for him. A black man in a wheelchair being pushed along an outdoor pathway carrying the Olympic torch. A man in a wheelchair and wearing a red jogging suit is carrying a torch. A man in a wheelchair is pushed along while he lifts a torch.	A man shaves.	contradiction
Four men in green at a soccer goal post trying to score, while three men in blue try to prevent it. Footballers are scrambling around the goal as the goal keeper reaches for the ball. Two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball. A goalie tries to catch a ball during a soccer game.	Man playing with instruments.	contradiction
A toy car in the street bring a smile to the children watching it. Children playing with a remote controlled car in a road. Children are playing with a remote controlled vehicle. Two Asian boys play with a remote controlled car.	A child frowns.	neutral
A small crowd gathered at a local seaman monument holding umbrellas. A crowd forms on a busy street to watch a street performer. A group of people watching a performer on a sidewalk. The group of people are all covered by umbrellas.	A kid standing.	neutral
Surfer partially visible through crashing wave, shore in background. A guy catches a wave on his surfboard A surfer rides in a wave tunnel. A surfer catches a gnarly wave.	A man leaning against a wall.	contradiction
A young black girl jumpropes through a parking lot. A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot. A girls skips rope in a parking lot. A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.	Children doing an activity.	entailment
A dog running and jumping in the mud, with a person walking behind it. A dog runs on wet sand as a man in yellow pants walks further back. A black dog runs through the black mud. A dirt dog runs down a muddy shore.	Three dogs run after a ball.	contradiction
A man in a yellow and orange outfit watching a group of men playing chess. Men are gathered around a chessboard while sitting on a platform. A man wearing yellow watches people play chess on the floor. A man in a yellow outfit watching some men play chess.	A man railing.	neutral
A girl reading "to Kill a Mockingbird" while reclining on a couch. A young girl reading a literary classic "to kill a mockingbird". Young lady laying on couch reading "TO KILL A Mockingbird". Wow! this book is good, have get comfortable to read it.	A child watching a little boy.	contradiction
Four men are wearing red baseball caps and orange and yellow shirts. Four men, in red hats and orange uniforms, walking near a hedge. Four people in orange jackets are walking behind dividing shrubs. Four men looking towards the left.	A man bouncing.	contradiction
Four dark-skinned people in tribal clothing walk in different directions in front of a cluster of large grass huts. Tribes people stand near their grass huts as one walks along a path in traditional dress carrying a plastic bag. An African woman walks away from grass looking huts in a village carrying a back in her left hand. Members of an African tribe are gathered in front of their huts.	A man walking in a field.	neutral
An Asian woman and man stopping for a brief second to look at a cellphone. A man and woman standing looking at a picture the woman is holding. A man and woman check out the woman's phone on a city street. Two Asians looking at something in one of their hands.	A man boarding.	contradiction
A smiling woman in a brown shirt leans on a man in a sweater. Man with brown hair and a woman with blond hair smile. A woman in brown and a man in gray look at the camera. Two guys and a girl smiling.	Man doing a pose.	contradiction
A driver in racing gear and a helmet is driving a sleek, blue motorcycle. A man is driving a blue motorcycle and leaning into the turn. A motorcyclist in a blue motorbike in a racing track. Man on a track riding a blue motorcycle.	Rider jumping a hill on his bike.	contradiction
A person in a purple shirt rubs their eyes under their glasses as the stand in front of a red and yellow bus. This young Child, in the Blue Shirt, is working up his Muscles, or he has a bad tooth ache A man in a purple shirt and blue jeans playing the harmonica by a red bus. A young man in a purple shirt cracks his neck using his own hands.	Men goofing.	contradiction
A man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera. Two individuals wearing sunglasses smile for the camera in front of a body of water. A man and woman pose together in front of a body of water. A man leaning on his partner, there is a river backdrop.	Officers smiling.	neutral
A person in a red vest walks past a shuttered entrance way with a Fanta ad in the background and the word 'sex' spray printed on some sheet metal fencing in the foreground. A man in a red shirt with a backpack walking past a vending machine. A man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence. A wall with gray and green checks has a writing "Sex".	Woman doing yoga.	contradiction
The woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings. Two young girls are walking next to each other on a crowded street. Women walk on a crowded sidewalk. Two women out clothing shopping.	A group gathers on a city street.	neutral
Three girls do back flips and cartwheels in the surf. Three little girls cartwheel in the ocean. Three girls doing back flips on the beach. Three young girls playing on the beach.	A boy standing.	contradiction
A man in a dark shirt and overalls is squatting down on gravel and working on a railroad car. A man in jeans and a dark t-shirt is working on a train with an oil pot. A middle-aged man works under the engine of a train on rail tracks. A man is doing some kind of maintenance work on a train.	A man enjoying himself.	neutral
Two women, both with short, dark hair and wearing glasses, sitting on a wood bench, taking pictures on their iPhone of sleeping puppies, who are lying in a red cardboard box. A woman holds her cellphone up to a cardboard box of kittens while another woman watches them. A woman in her 30s is showing her mentally impaired daughter a photo on her cellphone. A woman is taking a picture of kittens in a cardboard box	A woman shading herself.	contradiction
A bicyclist passes with a giant sign that reads "lovely." A man advertises with a giant sign tied onto his bicycle. A long, green board that has "lovely" written on it. A man on a moped is riding down the street.	A guy doing a trick.	contradiction
A man leans into a car to talk to the driver, as a man on a bicycle looks on. A man on a bicycle watching a row of cars waiting to go through a checkpoint. A park ranger talking to a tourist. Two cars are parked outside.	Men speaking to each other.	entailment
A man leans towards a fire to check on the contents of a pot. A man lighting a fire in what appears to be a wood cabin. An older gentleman is stoking a fire. A man starting a fireplace	A man standing at a stall.	contradiction
A snowboarder balances on an obstacle, with a bright light in the background, while snowboarding at night. A young person competes for the snowboarding title in their town. A young person snowboarding at night. A snowboarder who is doing a trick.	A skater grinding.	contradiction
A red-haired woman in a tank top and rolled up jeans sits atop a large rock in a wooded park, smiling at the camera. A woman in a dark tank top and cuffed jeans is smiling while sitting on top of a large rock or boulder outdoors. A woman sitting on a very large rock smiling at the camera with trees in the background. A woman reclines on top of a large rock with green trees in the background.	A woman hugs a girl.	contradiction
Three bicyclists racing down a busy street in the rain, with a red BMW and a motorcycle approaching from behind. Three cyclists are racing ahead of a red BMW, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants Several bicyclists are racing down the street in traffic. A bunch of men riding bikes in a triathlon.	A group having lunch.	contradiction
People sitting at tables outside chatting while a musician gets ready to play bass. A man holds a guitar on a busy street while people look on. A girl on a city street is looking at a guitar player. A street guitarist is outside a cafe	Two men are out for a stroll.	contradiction
A short-haired, brunette woman singing into the microphone up on stage with her band. A woman stands at a microphone singing with her band in the background. A woman wearing a black shirt is standing next to a microphone. A woman stands with a microphone to her mouth.	Woman shakes hand with man.	contradiction
A person wearing a Red Bull ski helmet and ski suit snowboard. A snowboarder on a Red Bull snowboard rounds a curve. A man in midair about to land on a snowboard. Man in Red Bull helmet snowboarding.	A rider makes a high jump.	entailment
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor. Three people are sleeping on a floor next to a green laundry basket. A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor. A man and two children are sleeping on the floor.	A man and a man shaking hands.	contradiction
A woman leans against a building while sitting on the top step holding a sign celebrating gay marriage while the man next to her is holding a sign in his lap. A man and woman sit holding a sign reading "It's a nice day for a Gay Wedding." A man and a woman are sitting down; the woman is holding a gay rights poster. A man sitting against a building with a woman holding a sign.	Two toddlers sitting in a playpen.	contradiction
A bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching. A newlywed couple getting their photo taken at a playground. A couple taking pictures at a children's playground. A wedding party poses for pictures on a swing set.	A skier stands.	contradiction
At an open-air market stacked with colorful pet supplies, two men in jeans squatted down, peering at the puppy pressed up outside the cage filled with its litter mates. Two men kneel next to a cage of puppies amid tables of pet cages and supplies. Two men are crouched to the floor and look at four dogs play inside a cage. Two guys, one in white t-shirt, looking at caged animals.	A man fell.	contradiction
A construction worker trying to control traffic in one of the busiest construction sites. A man is driving some sort of vehicle wearing a bright orange vest. A man at work with a navy colored sweater diving. A man is driving a car and is exited.	A man riding a board.	contradiction
Two young girls with backpacks are riding a bike, passing a derelict looking building. Two young girls riding a bike with a basket during the day. Two little girls are riding one bicycle. Two friends ride a bicycle.	A boy skateboarding on a street.	neutral
A shirtless man poses next to a man who is fully dressed in a t-shirt and cargo shorts who is pointing at the shirtless man's belly. A shirtless man with a cigarette stands while a second man in sunglasses and a red shirt points at the first. A man with a cigarette in his mouth, with no shirt, wearing shorts. One smiling man is pointing to another man's waist.	Two men take photos.	neutral
A little cute girl in a white dress is revealing her presents. A young girl is opening a present in a purple birthday bag. A little girl is opening a birthday gift bag excitedly A young girl is opening a present hastily.	A boy crouches.	contradiction
Four men in blue soccer uniforms on a soccer field, where one is holding a ball and listening to a man in a black outfit. Soccer players out on the field dressed in blue getting cues from the ref dressed in black. A soccer referee points as he directs a soccer player in blue during a soccer game. A referee pointing while a soccer player looks on.	A cat stands.	contradiction
A woman sitting on one of a row of green chairs is holding a microphone. The lady is sitting on a green chair and using a microphone. An Asian woman with glasses in a green chair singing. A woman sings into a microphone while traveling.	Women discussing.	contradiction
A young girl is looking at a body of water while an older male kneels behind her. A little girl in a blue shirt is pointing at the water on the beach. A young girl is standing on the shore and pointing to the ocean. A young girl is pointing at water on a beach.	A man sits up.	contradiction
A group of people playing soccer on a soccer field in front of a crowd. Here is a picture of a soccer game during halftime. Two teams playing soccer in a packed stadium. An audience watching a soccer game.	Soccer players jumping in the air.	neutral
A brown dog leaps over the water in a grassy and tree-lined yard. A large brown dog is jumping into a pond. The large brown dog jumps into a pond. A brown dog is jumping into a pond.	Black dogs playing a game.	contradiction
A young child is trying to get the attention of a pigeon. A child crawls on the floor looking at a pigeon. A child in a striped shirt watching a bird. A small kid is captivated by a bird.	Two children and boys standing.	contradiction
A woman waits in the shade while an older, seated man stares at her from behind. Lady walking past a man on a bench who is watching her. A man on a park bench is looking at a woman walking by. A man and a woman next to some yellow taxis.	A guy sits on the ground.	contradiction
A young man flies through the air in a no hands stunt on a bike. A teenager doing tricks with his favorite bicycle. A man on a bicycle is doing stunts on the track. A man performing a bike stunt.	A man walking.	contradiction
A family with no home trying to make some type of shelter from sticks and tree limbs in a wooded area. A very poor southeast Asian woman is chopping kindling while her children and dogs watch. Women, children, and animals in a small village. Four people and a dog out in the woods.	A child giving a child a hug.	neutral
A teacher standing up in front of her students in a classroom. A teacher is talking to a classroom full of children. A woman talking to a classroom full of students. A teacher instructing her students in class.	Students focusing.	entailment
A group of men in Bavarian-style clothing stand with steins of beer against a corn-looking backdrop, in an apparently Oktoberfest-themed event. A group of men in German dress raise beer steins in a toast. A group of men is celebrating at a beer festival. Many men raise beer steins at a festival.	A man paddles.	contradiction
A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats. A choir performing a number on stage with an American flag in the background. A chorus is standing in front of an American flag in sailor hats singing. A choir made up of varying ages of people are performing.	A man stays on a bucking bronco.	contradiction
Three men in neon yellow shirts stand outside a Dino Pal store on the street. Men in green with yellow hats are standing around a building front. A man in a fluorescent green shirt stands on a city sidewalk. Man in hard hat and neon shirt guards an outside eating area.	Some men lean against a building.	neutral
Barefoot girl in a pink shirt tackles the football equipment on the field. A little girl pounces a punching bag on a football field. A girl jumps against a punching bag in a field. A girl jumping over a red punch bag.	A man does a jump.	contradiction
A large group of people are walking up a steep mountain with clouds hanging in the background. A group male and female hikers observe the scenery. A large group of people walking on a mountainside. A group of people on a mountain trail.	A group standing in front of a shop.	contradiction
An Asian man dressed warmly by his car with a display of other cold weather items he has for sale. A man posing with his arms out while folded clothing and boxes lie on the ground. A gloved man palms forward in front of arranged clothes. A man show cases some clothes while wearing blue shoes.	A man blowing into a horn.	contradiction
Several small kids playing baseball are sitting on a bench jeering at each other, the child in the middle is wearing a red helmet, and all children have blue shirts and cleats and two of them are holding bats. A boy in his blue t-shirt with a red helmet makes faces to another boy sitting next to him as another boy touches his helmet. A little boy with a red baseball hat on, is making a silly face at another player. A group of young baseball players act silly while sitting on the bench.	Dogs sitting.	contradiction
A man with no shirt and a woman in a bikini in the water looking away from the camera. A man and a woman in bathing suits hold each other in a body of water. Male and female holding each other in the water with their swimwear. A lady and man standing in the water.	A man doing some pottery.	contradiction
A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course. A bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp. A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp. A biker does a trick on a ramp.	A man sprays.	contradiction
A man in blue holds a microphone and stands next to another man in blue with an orange wristband in front of a large speaker. Two men are standing under a tent, trying to adjust the music controls. Two men are performing a sound check. A band performs live at a gig.	Man brushes.	contradiction
Four people, two in green uniforms and two in red uniforms, are playing a game of lacrosse. Four boys from two lacrosse teams run down the field during a game. Four young lacrosse players are running down the field. Kids running on a field playing a sporting event	A lady running.	neutral
A crowd of people gather at the bottom of steps as they look up at two men wearing suits. A group of people is gathered outside a building listening to a man on the stairs speak. A man in a business suit speaking to somebody while a crowd gathers in front of him. A number of people are gathered in a plaza at the foot of the steps to a building.	A family waits.	neutral
A man on a bike pulling on the harness of a horse being ridden by someone. A man on a motorbike is leading the horse with another man on its back. A man on a motorbike is leading a horse that is giving someone a ride. A man on a bicycle leads a horse and rider in a rural area.	Men having food.	contradiction
Many people are crowded together, with a couple of them looking upwards. People looking up at the sky at something. Two people in a crowd are looking up Asian spectators.	A group gathers around a statue.	neutral
Two Asian or Spanish people, a woman and a man, sitting together in front of a glass window as cars pass. A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman in a black and white blouse. A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman. A man and woman pose in front of some traffic.	Spectators sitting.	contradiction
Two people playing outside in the snow, smiling at a duck. Two ladies in winter clothes playing with a duck and snow. Two young women are playing with a duck in the snow. Two women in the snow looking and smiling at a duck.	Drivers coming around a corner.	contradiction
A guy wearing a yellow shirt is holding a microphone. Man on stage in shirt that says fun performing. A young man holding a microphone and singing. Man in yellow shirt is holding a microphone.	A man gesticulates.	entailment
Three rugby players in a field two are in a sprinting stance but all three have masks to protect their faces. Three males, in green t-shirts and shorts, practicing lacrosse, on a green grassy marked field. Three players participating in a team sport. Teenagers at a field playing a sport.	A woman entertains an audience.	contradiction
A man and woman seated at a table converse while another couple, standing at the bar behind them, does the same. A man and a woman are sitting at a table talking. Man looks on as woman is talking while at a bar. A woman and a man sit a table in a bar.	A woman giving another women a haircut.	contradiction
Two young attractive women with shorts cross a street of a busy city. Two sexy ladies are crossing the street. Two girls are crossing the street. A very crowded city street.	Two girls climb.	neutral
The young man is performing a bicycle trick high in the air. A person riding a bike, doing a very high jump. A boy does a trick on a bike in the woods. A person is in the air with a trick bike.	A biker jumps.	entailment
A line of boys are wearing martial arts costumes with different colored belts. Young boys in martial arts uniforms at a park. Young boys at a karate gathering. Karate class is fixing to start.	A child bowling.	contradiction
A woman with brown hair and red lipstick, who is taking a picture with a plane behind her. Woman dressed in red standing in front of air force men standing in the background. A woman in red stands before a group of military personnel and an airplane statue. A woman in a brilliant red dress participates in a military ceremony.	A skier stands.	contradiction
A woman in glittery face-paint and a sequined cap parades with several similarly-dressed individuals in shades of orange and brown. People march in costumes with makeup on their faces. A woman is wearing a bright orange and brown shirt. People in costumes and makeup en masse.	Women wrestle.	contradiction
A musician in a green shirt and funky hat plays his instrument with passion. A man playing a synthesizer wearing a green sweater and hat. Guy in a green sweater is on stage with his instrument. A male musician performs on stage with a band.	A man sculpting.	contradiction
A number of people are sitting around pulled together tables with office supplies on top of it. A group of six people sit around a silver conference table with notebooks and pens. A group of people sitting around a table with paper in front of them. People are in a room discussing around a computer printer.	A group gathered around bags.	contradiction
A man is wearing blue button down shirt talking to media during a crowded protest. A man wearing a blue shirt talks into microphones amidst a background of signs. A man is talking into a microphone while people stand around him. A foreign politician answering questions from the media.	Several groups walking.	neutral
A white and red firetruck with various firemen is parked near some green trees. Firetrucks and other emergency vehicles are responding to an emergency. Firemen are standing near a firetruck that has its lights on. Firemen gathered around a firetruck on a roadside.	Man waterskiing.	contradiction
A woman dressed in blue is watching her dog getting a drink from a blue container. A Black woman dressed in tank top and jeans holds a leash to a brown dog. A woman lets her dog drink while on a walk. An African-American woman feeding a dog.	Woman standing in the grass.	neutral
A woman in a black leather mini-dress and boots is shopping from a street vendor. A woman in a black tank top, skirt and boots is looking at jewelry for sale. Young woman dressed in black looks over articles from a street vendor. A woman in a black leather skirt perusing at the market.	Girls sitting outside.	contradiction
A large, black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes. Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts. Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards. Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area	A brown dog jumps high.	contradiction
A young man in a suit and tie is talking into a microphone. A young man in a suit is holding a microphone. Man in formal wear giving a speech. Young man using a microphone.	Parent talking.	neutral
Male with a tattoo mopping up the floor at the video store. A man with a tattoo holding a mop near a video game store. A man with a tattoo on his arm holding a mop. Shop keeper cleaning the floors.	Three men standing on a street.	neutral
A white man with camouflage pants and a black and white print shirt covered in white foam or cream. A man in a black shirt and army pants with white cream all over his head. A man wearing camouflage shorts is covered in shaving cream. A man in black shirt and camouflage pants covered in cream.	A man explaining.	neutral
A police officer is talking with the driver of the pale yellow car while three other officers stand nearby. Several police officers standing near a vintage Citroen car. European police speak with a man driving a Citroen. A police officer is talking to a man in a car.	Some performers stand.	contradiction
Shirtless men working on metal frame construction. Four shirtless men, hard at work, on a scaffold. Four shirtless men are working on a building. Men building a structure.	Man stands behind truck.	contradiction
Young man talking to his friend at what looks like to be a car racing event. A man in a white t-shirt sitting on the hood of a car. A man holding a beer is sitting on a car. Two men sit on an old car.	Several men having food.	contradiction
A cowboy tries to hold on with all his might as the horse shakes and trembles to rid of his rider. A cowboy hanging on for dear life while the horse below him simply tries to buck him off. A man in a white cowboy hat riding a bucking brown horse at a rodeo. A man riding a horse in a rodeo show.	A man does a jump.	neutral
A girl with brown hair sits on the edge of a cement area overlooking water. A woman in black, seen from behind, sits next to a body of water. A girl sitting outside on concrete near water in a black dress. A dark-haired girl is sitting on the waters edge.	Three girls sitting.	contradiction
A man who is wearing all black is playing golf on a green field in front of a huge MasterCard sign as a huge crowd of people watch from the sidelines. A golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background. A man is preparing to tee off in golf, and there is a big crowd watching him. A man in all black with a visor on is golfing while a large crowd watches.	Audience members watch.	entailment
Two brown dogs are laying on the street next to a metal pole. Two dogs are tied to a tree in a city. Two dogs are chained to a pole. Two dogs tied to a tree.	Two dogs running in the woods.	contradiction
Four young men wearing red ribbons on their wrists are making gestures A group of men lift their arms to signal while they look to the left. Several men in front of a white building. A group of young men watching something.	Men horsing.	neutral
A casually dressed man has several flutes into which he is pouring champagne. A man in a gray shirt is pouring a drink into a flute. A man is pouring drinks at a table. A man pours champagne into a glass.	A tattooed man sitting.	neutral
A little boy in a striped shirt has his hands on his head. A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head A child with his hands on his head. A boy holds his hands on his head.	A child digging.	contradiction
A man, woman and little boy pose for a picture in front of an outside door. Man with injured eye and woman holding child pose outside of building. Two adults and a small child pose outside a dwelling. A man, woman, and child.	A guy does a jump.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt takes pictures of a band performing at a bar. A man talking a photo of a band with a drummer and a guitarist. A man plays guitar while another man takes photographs. A man taking a picture of a band performing on stage.	Three dogs playing on a beach.	contradiction
Red, green, yellow, and blue umbrellas are providing shade for the tables outside and three people are sitting under the green umbrella. A group of people are sitting on the patio under colorful umbrellas. People are enjoying shade underneath colored umbrellas. People sitting outside under a green umbrella.	Men watching two men.	contradiction
Several people are fishing in an extensive body of water beside a large bridge. Two people fishing on a dock with a long winding bridge in the backdrop. Fisher persons are lined up on a dock with their lines in the water. Two people are fishing in water near a bridge.	A man prepares fish.	neutral
A group of people holding up fabric flags and walking down the street. People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park. People are dressed in blue costumes on the street. A festival is going on in the streets.	A group dancing.	neutral
A few people sitting on a pier looking at a lake. A small group of people are sitting on a pier. A small white boat is floating in the water. A group of people sitting on a pier.	Two individuals sit.	contradiction
An Asian girl is riding piggyback on another girl as they pass some red tape. Two girls in pink shirts looking at a fountain from behind a red velvet rope. A big sister in pink is giving her little sister a piggyback ride. One child carries another child on her back.	Little girl talks.	neutral
Wrestler spinning outside of the rink toward fellow wrestler. A professional wrestler falls outside the ring. A wrestler jumps over the ropes. Two wrestlers and a referee.	Two boxers fighting.	contradiction
A man tends a grill full of cooking chicken parts as another man in a white apron looks on. A man flips barbecue chicken legs while another chef watches. One cook watching another cook grill chicken. A man is watching another man as he cooks.	A man cooking food in a pan.	contradiction
Young people standing together while dining beer and smoking cigarettes. The group of young adults are hanging out together smoking and drinking. Several teens are smoking and drinking at night. A group of friends drinking and smoking.	People dig a deep hole.	contradiction
Two girls are having what looks to be a friendly pillow fight in the middle of a crowd of onlookers. Girls wearing black are laughing and taking cover in front of a crown and police officer. A crowd, including a police officer, watches as two women have a pillow fight. Two people have a pillow fight in front of a public audience.	A group talking to each other.	neutral
A man in a plaid jacket is cutting fabric with several colorful strands of fabric behind him. A fabric worker looking intently at the camera pointed at him. A man cutting fabric with colorful strings behind him. The man is working with scissors.	A man sitting on the pavement.	neutral
One guy in a striped shirt drinking in a beer sitting next to a guy in a blue shirt smiling. Two male friends are riding the train together while relaxing and drinking beer. Two men, one who is drinking a beer, are sitting, smiling at the camera. Two middle-aged men relaxing in some sort of transportation	Two women pose and smile.	contradiction
A young woman in business casual kneeling and young man sitting at a computer. A young man and a woman are looking at something on a computer. A teacher helping a student at a computer station. People in a computer room using computers.	Men doing moves.	contradiction
Man studies a piece of music while learning how to play the ukulele. A man in a white t-shirt is looking at musical sheet. A man concentrates on his music, holding his violin. A man strumming a violin to sheet music.	A man posing.	contradiction
A man with sunglasses and a man in a chartreuse shirt with a beige jacket sit at a table. Two men, one holding a cigarette, sitting at a table outdoors on the street. Two men sitting at a table smoking with a creepy picture in the background. Two men sitting and smoking at a table.	A skater sits.	contradiction
An African woman in a black shirt and purple dress looks at an African man in a blue shirt and green pants. A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background. Two people sit with a red hat between them. Two people in Africa wait for food.	A child has a guitar.	contradiction
A young boy and an older man are using a drill on some type of object. A teacher guides an attentive stupid on a woodworking project. A man showing a young buy how to use a drill. A man teaches a boy to use a drill.	Men watching others.	contradiction
A woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces. A woman wearing a spaghetti-strapped shirt and a shirtless boy wearing red Shorts play with an over-sized checkers board. A woman and a little boy are sitting on the floor playing a game of checkers. A little boy is losing a game of strip checkers.	Diners sitting.	contradiction
A female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building. A woman in a diagonal black and white striped skirt carries her bags toward a building with people sitting and leaning against the steps and railing. A view of a woman wearing a striped skirt and jacket facing away standing in front of a colonnaded building. A woman watching some people standing and sitting between two marble pillars, in front of a doorway.	A child surfing.	contradiction
A crowd watches as several women pull on a rope, perhaps playing tug-of-war. Some people pull on a rope while many others look on. People playing tug-of-war in the sand. Two men pulling a long rope.	Riders watch.	contradiction
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef. The three people are dancing on a wood floor in kitchen clothing. Three people dance together to prepare for a show Three dancers dancing in housekeeping clothes.	Two girls sitting.	contradiction
A cloudy but well-populated beach with a woman in a white gown with a basket walking past. A woman in a white dress is walking through the beach on a beautiful day. A woman in a long white dress is walking on the beach next to the ocean. The colorful umbrellas stand out against the blue ocean.	Women discussing.	contradiction
A bald man is playing the bass on a dark stage. Smooth silky music is to be heard here. Man signs and plays his bass cello. A man performs on his huge harp.	Three men playing lacrosse.	contradiction
A person in a helmet is doing tricks on their bike after jumping off of a ramp. A mountain biker catching some after taking off a ramp on a trail. A helmeted biker flying off a ramp in the woods. A boy performing stunts on his bike.	A cyclist talking.	contradiction
A person walking in the snow with a forest of trees in the background. A person is skiing by themselves down a back country hill. Ice skiing is a sport where we can play it in a snow. A skier is heading into a grove of trees.	Skiers moving.	contradiction
A girl with blond hair dressed in a yellow shirt with black stripe uniform for soccer is out in the green grassy field A girl in a Yellow and Black uniform with the number eight on it runs across a field. A young girl wearing a yellow soccer jersey is running on a field. A blond girl in a yellow and black jersey plays soccer.	Kids resting.	contradiction
A woman wearing a blue bikini is lying on a beach next to a bicycle reading. A woman reading a newspaper on a beach while sand birds gather nearby. Girl tanning in the beach next to the blue water surrounded bye birds A young lady reading an article while lounging on the beach.	A woman swings.	contradiction
An older man with glasses and a white beard is walking along the sidewalk of a road. A man wearing a brown jacket and blue jeans is reaching into his pocket. An old man white a white beard is wearing a dark hat and a dark jacket. A man with a white beard walks down a city street.	A man stands holding a flag.	contradiction
A group of young people most wearing red wave for the camera as they walk by buses. A group of seven men are standing in front of a yellow and blue bus. A group of young men dressed in red walk past a tour bus. A sports team getting off their bus.	A group does a trick.	contradiction
A young couple gaze into each others eyes while riding an escalator in a shopping mart. A man and a woman are on an escalator looking at one another. A man and a woman riding on an escalator making eye contact. A couple going up an escalator.	A man standing in front of men.	contradiction
This guy is about to finish a 8 mile run with his team. A mountain bike racer on a dirt road during a race A male cyclist rounds the course on a dirt road. A mud covered cyclist zooms down the trail.	A rider moving.	entailment
A family and friends sit to eat at a table filled with many bowls of great food. Four people are sitting behind a table full of food. A family getting ready to eat a large meal. This family is having dinner.	Two men sitting at a table.	neutral
A woman sits in front of a weaving set up and looks at her hands. A young woman wearing native dress is working with a frame. A young girl with short hair is weaving on a loom. A woman sitting and knitting.	A woman jumping up.	contradiction
The older girl is laughing and holding the younger girl outside Two girls are enjoying themselves on a spinning platform. Smiling girls sitting on rounded platform Two girls happily playing in a park.	Two children smile for the camera.	neutral
A dark brown dog running on a muddy beach, a person in yellow pants following him. A dog running and jumping in the mud, with a person walking behind it. A black dog runs through the black mud. A dirt dog runs down a muddy shore.	A man coming through a door.	contradiction
Group of people walking down the street greeting the crowd. A busy outdoor Saint Patrick's Day event in the streets. People in green are walking around a public space. A crowd of people walking.	Men wrestling.	contradiction
A fruit stand located inside a store that people are browsing People shop for produce among many baskets of fresh fruit. There are a variety of produce goods at a market. People shop for goods at a fruit stand.	Two women holding purses.	neutral
Two men in plaid shirts riding horses and they are lassoing a calf. Two men on horses race around the ring trying to rope a young calf. Two men on horseback rope a calf in a pen. Men on horses wrangling a bull.	Two cowboys attempt to lasso an animal.	entailment
Three women are inside a bar are all holding drinks in their hands. Three girls or friends having drinks at a bar laughing. Three blond women are socializing at the bar. A blond woman holds her drink up in a bar.	Two women sitting talking.	entailment
A man in black pants and a green polo shirt is picking up trash around his man made lake. A man is cleaning up trash from a lake and is using a big blue bucket. A man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm. Gentleman is cleaning out a pond in his backyard.	A group of men walking down a sidewalk.	contradiction
An old man wearing glasses sitting at a table by himself looking to his left. An elderly man sitting at a table in an empty restaurant. A man is waiting for his food to come. A man sits alone at a cafe.	Men horsing.	contradiction
Someone casts a fishing line into a body of water. A man casting out a fishing line into a stream A man casting a fishing pole. A man fishes.	A policewoman stands.	contradiction
A young man in a white hat is painting a mural outside on a wall. The painter in the white hat is painting a mural. A person in a white hat is painting a mural. A person is panting on a wall outside.	A man leaning over a truck.	contradiction
Bearded man in green hat is blowing on long wooden object and woman behind him is looking at him like he is crazy. A man blowing into a horn with a woman standing next to him wearing a scarf around her head. A man is blowing a horn at a festival. A man in a plaid shirt blows a horn.	Men having lunch.	contradiction
A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail. A cyclist is performing a jump near to a railing and a brick wall. The boy is doing a stunt through the air, on a bicycle. A man jumps his bicycle in a public park.	Children doing somersaults.	contradiction
A man, holding snorkeling equipment, jumps into the green water of the ocean. A young man is jumping in the water at the beach. A man is in the ocean and jumping around. A man jumping sideways in the ocean.	A guy sleeps.	contradiction
Children holding onto a tether so that they don't get lost at a festival. A boy in a red shirts holds onto a rope as he walks. A group of people are getting ready to go on a ride. A boy walks along, holding onto a rope.	Boys looking at each other.	neutral
A group of women all in white shirts and wearing pink wigs are standing near some buildings. Several women in white t-shirt wearing hot pink short wigs standing outside in a city. A group of young women are wearing pink wigs, white shirts, and sunglasses. Seven girls all wearing neon pink wigs.	A woman has food.	contradiction
A statue of an angle with a large disk and a man with a yellow coat and trashcan in the background. A man is carrying a trash barrel past a statue of an angel. A man with a trash bucket walks by a statue. A man is cleaning and picking up garbage	Farmer walking.	contradiction
Two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar. A woman and young girl worship in front of a shrine. Paying respect by praying in the chapel. A family is praying to an ornate statue.	A man sits while playing an instrument.	contradiction
Woman in a purple sweater standing out on a balcony overlooking a side street. A woman standing her small apartment deck which overlooks an alley. People are on a ledge outside of a building. An outside few of some houses.	A group performs on a street.	contradiction
Asian looking lady holding a baby while sitting and looking at it. A woman with a tissue cleans the face of an infant. A woman in a pink skirt is holding a baby. Mother tending to her child.	A baby points.	neutral
Woman with blue gloves working on the sidewalk with some cleaner A short, brown hair girl is assembling a pink roof cover. A woman assembles a white metal frame on the sidewalk. A young woman sands down an old shelf.	A man rehearsing.	contradiction
A street performer on stilts walks on the stone tiles and discovers the thief escaping with the suitcase. A pair of street performers, one on stilts and the other with a suitcase, perform outdoors. A man in a white suit walking on stilts. Street performers entertain on street.	A woman walking out of a building.	contradiction
A young boy and girl wearing coats, hats, and boots are at the beach looking at something that they found. Two warmly dressed small children are looking at an object together. A young boy and girl on a sandy beach look at sea shells. A boy is handing an orange object to a girl.	Children stand in a stall.	neutral
A surfer dressed in black catches a huge wave and starts riding on the descent. A surfer is riding a wave that is beginning to tube. A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave. Surfer riding down a curling wave.	A man exits.	contradiction
A dark-haired man wearing a red headscarf poses with a machine gun in front of the entrance to a wax museum, the woman behind the desk looks disinterestedly in the opposite direction. There is a woman sitting at the front desk of a Hollywood Wax Museum with a statue standing next to the desk she is sitting at. Interior of the restaurant chain : Planet Hollywood, various movie memorabilia decorate the space. A man is dressed as a movie character holding a gun in the lobby of a movie theater.	Riders stand.	contradiction
Two large dogs play together in the snow. Two dogs are playing in the white snow. Two dogs playing in the snow. Two dogs play in the snow	Dogs sitting.	contradiction
A group of people walking outside a theme park in the middle of the day. Many people are walking in the street carrying tote bags with them. A man reads as he walks with a crowd down the street. Various people are walking outside on a warm day.	A man having a drink.	contradiction
One adult and three children are all looking in the same direction. Four children sitting in a pastel-colored classroom. Five dark-haired people are looking to their left. The children sit and wait.	Children lying down.	contradiction
Musicians dressed in red and white shirts and khaki pants, performing at a sports arena. A pep band in red and white uniform is playing while seated in a stadium. A band wearing red and white shirts playing their instruments at a game. A band sitting in front of a game score board.	A man playing a guitar and instrument.	neutral
Closeup perspective of a bicycle wheel being ridden by someone A closeup view of a cyclist riding on a bike A man rides a bike in the woods. Man riding bike in forest	A rider stays.	neutral
A man wearing a yellow sweater playing with a black dog in a grassy field A man in a yellow sweatshirt and black pants plays with a black poodle. A man wearing a yellow shirt is playing with his black poodle. A man in a yellow shirt training a black poodle	A few men doing work.	contradiction
A man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar. A young man wearing a plaid shirt sings into the microphone and plays his guitar. This is guy is singing to people on stage while playing his brown guitar. A man singing and playing guitar with his eyes closed.	A man playing an instrument in front of a backdrop.	neutral
An adult walking a small child on green grass towards the front of an old brownstone building A small child walks hand-in-hand with an adult on the grass leading up to a brick building. An older person and a young child walking together in front of a large building. Grandmother and grandchild walking home hand in hand on the green grass.	A woman plays trains with a child.	contradiction
People caught out in the rain during a rainstorm. Multiple people walking outside in the rain. Men and women with umbrellas in the rain. Two girls share a see-through umbrella	A woman has headphones.	neutral
Group of people gathered in meeting like setting with food sitting in front of them. Workers enjoy coffee and treats at conference table. People gather around a yellow conference table. Food is being served at a meeting.	A group of people have their hands in the air.	neutral
The boy in the green shirt swings with one arm on the silver pole. A little kid swings on a pole at a playground. The boy is swinging on a pole at the beach. A boy hanging onto a pole.	A child with a Mohawk playing an instrument.	contradiction
Three women and one child about to go on a boat ride. A group of people standing near a boat on a body of water. Five people are standing by a white boat. Man helping passengers get on tour boat.	Two women looking at something.	neutral
Several young people in baseball caps talk and laugh along a street lined with palm trees. People wearing very colorful outfits have fun on the sidewalk. People in bright clothing walk and stand on a sidewalk. A group of people wait on the sidewalk, wearing hats.	A man and a woman dancing in a crowd.	contradiction
A man dressed in dark colors and a hat plays his guitar on the side of the road. A man in a suit and hat is playing the guitar on the street. A man with a top hat is playing guitar on the sidewalk. A man on the street playing a guitar.	A group holding instruments.	contradiction
A man in a tux and a man in a shirt and tie talk outside. Two men are having a discussion after a wedding. Two well-dressed men chat. A man on his wedding day.	Man while welding.	contradiction
Man in dark business suit, sitting by a marble water fountain, wearing eyeglasses and talking on his cellphone with newspaper on his lap. A bicyclist in a helmet and a man in a business suit both talk on cellphones near a fountain. A bicyclist and a man in a suit are sitting near a fountain talking on cellphones. A man in a bike helmet talking on his cellphone	A woman sitting up.	contradiction
Blue car on a small road with men in the background and a res car on a slightly higher road. A blue car drives down a mostly dirt road. Blue race car driving down narrow road A blue race car on an off road track	The bridesmaids watch.	contradiction
A man is holding a blue fishing net in front of some rocks. A man in a purple shirt is holding a large fishing net. A man in blue cap is holding the net. An older man holding a bunch of nets.	Firefighters standing.	contradiction
Two football teams one team in white and green another team in yellow and black it looks as if a member of the yellow and black team has scored a touchdown. The University of Iowa's Hawkeyes football team, scores a goal in the end zone against the Michigan State Spartans. A football player scores a touchdown as the opposing team tackles him. Two teams playing a game of football.	A runner sliding.	contradiction
Many pigeons are crowded around the feet of a woman in a blue tank-top and ripped, blue jeans. A girl in a green tank top is feeding pigeons. A young girl feeding the birds in the park. A young woman feeds birds.	An African American standing in front of a building.	neutral
The old man in a black suit and brown shoes is holding a yarn spinner that has spun wool on it. An elderly man wearing a dark suit, a hat, and clogs winds twine around a wooden implement. An older man working in a farm house, unrolling some string. One male in a black suit and hat holding yarn.	A guy leaning against a car.	contradiction
Two workers in work attire (windbreakers and vests) walking along the edge of a road. Fireman maybe done with extinguishing a wild fire. Two men in blue uniforms and green workman vest. Two men in safety vests walk down the road.	Guys joking.	neutral
A man in a dark pants lifts his leg while five girls wearing rollerskates gather near him. A referee talking with a group of girls wearing helmets and rollerskates. Several girls in skates are talking to a man. People are having some kind of a day fair.	A guard standing.	contradiction
A man on a bus drives past another man on the street. A man riding a bus passes a man on the sidewalk. A man is waiting for a bus at the bus stop A bystander watches a bus go past.	Three men sitting on a bench.	neutral
Three guys standing together with roll around luggage on a brick road in front of very old church type brick building with wood door. Three men that include at least one street performer gather on a brick sidewalk. The scene appears to be of men in costumes for a performance. Three people standing in a tourist destination.	Guy singing.	neutral
A group of construction workers in hard hats are working on a roof. The scene of a construction site with workers looking on. Seven construction workers working on a building. Men working on a building.	A man coming around the corner.	contradiction
Two men riding horses while wearing traditional gaucho wear and chasing down a small calf in front of a spectator rodeo crowd. Two men both wearing cowboy hats and ponchos riding horses chasing a cow. Two cowboys racing horses in a stadium behind a cow. Cowboys are roping the young calves at the rodeo.	Several men having food.	contradiction
A group of three men and two women sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it. Five young people are sitting in front of a table with food and are laughing. A group of people sit at a table and play a board game. People sitting at a table.	Children jumping over another child.	contradiction
A bride and groom being photographed on a stairway in a very public area. A large group of people surrounding a bride and groom taking photos. Public wedding event with photographers. A bride and man in a tuxedo on stairs.	Men standing.	neutral
Young boy on a floatation device in a lake with boats nearby. A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat. A boy is sitting in a boat on the water. A young boy rides in a small boat.	A child has a cast.	contradiction
Man in a blue long-sleeve, button down standing in a dark room talking. A blond-haired man with glasses speaks as a woman listens. A man wearing a blue shit is standing up speaking. A guy wearing a blue shirt is talking in a bar.	Members of hockey team talk.	contradiction
A girl dressed in black and white with mime makeup stands in the middle of a street with a white umbrella and black top hat in her hand. The lady in the street is wearing a white and black costume and is carrying a white umbrella. A woman with a shaved head dressed in black and white in a parade A performer dancing in the streets wearing an exotic outfit	Three women walking together.	neutral
Two women wearing sunglasses are talking to each other on a field. Two women converse in a field filled with other people. Two women talk to each other outside. Women chatting at an event outside.	A lady standing in an airport.	contradiction
Three older women - one in a pale striped jacket, another in a green blouse, and a third wearing a striped shirt and blue jacket - sit at a tiled table, strewn with empty beverage containers and dirty plates, as the women listen to someone speak. Three older ladies have finished their meals at a restaurant and are listening to somebody talk. Three older women are at a restaurant talking with other people. There are three women conversing at a table with drinks.	A woman and a girl standing.	contradiction
A boy is shining the shoe of a woman in a skirt and a pink sweater while a man with a broom and dustpan watches. A woman is getting her shoes shined by a boy while an older man is sweeping up around, in an urban setting. A man carrying a broom and dustpan is watching while a young boy is shining a woman's shoe. A boy shining the woman's shoes as the guy in blue watches while he sweeps the streets.	A child skips.	contradiction
A mother and father take their similarly dressed family for a stroll in public area. A man and woman walk down the street with their three children. A family dressed in mustard yellow are taking a stroll. A man woman and three children going for a walk.	A man sits in front of another man.	contradiction
Man in a blue shirt with hand on forehead behind two cushions. A man in a blue shirt reads a paper behind a broken seat. Man looking over paperwork with a broken couch in front. A man reads quietly alone in room.	Some men do a dance.	contradiction
Four girls in shorts on the beach throwing a football with the ocean behind them. A group of girls playing football on the beach. A girl is throwing a football on the beach. Young women play football on the beach.	A girl carrying a sign.	neutral
A man runs with a ball in his hand while a man from an opposing team tries to grab it. A man running with a ball as his opponent tries to grab him. One rugby player trying to catch the player with the ball. A man chases an opposing player in a Rugby match.	Man playing an instrument on stage.	contradiction
A photographer stand to the left of a tree in a field, whist four other people stand to the right on a sunny day. Men with surveying equipment are in the background of landscape. People and shrubs are silhouetted against an indigo sky. Dark bushes, silhouettes of people, clouds.	A group looks up.	neutral
A group of campers lakeside, preparing and barbecuing food Nueske employees are barbecuing meat for people to sample. Two men in red hats prepare meat on a small grill. Nueske's Meat Specialties table near a lake.	A man dressed formally stands behind a camera.	contradiction
A group of teens are walking in front of an emergency vehicle dispatch depot. Two people are walking and one is riding a bike at the edge of a street. A woman gazes across the street from where she is walking. Some young people walk past a garage.	Children walking through the forests.	contradiction
A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike. An officer directing some people on a motorbike. Police giving directions in an Asian country. An authority figure directs traffic.	A man climbing.	contradiction
Two black dogs are trotting through an empty public area. Two black dogs are running on pavement Two dogs are playing on a hardscape. Two black dogs running	A dog holds a ball.	neutral
A little boy wearing glasses and a t-shirt that says, "I 'm a Pepper and Dr. Pepper," stands looking at an older boy sitting in the grass. A teenager and a younger kid are talking at a gathering in a park Two young males talking to each other on a grassy surface. A young boy chats with an adult at an outdoor festival.	A boy posing.	neutral
A dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore A dog makes it way through tall weeds. A beaver on the shore of a stream. A dog hides in the bushes.	Cook standing.	contradiction
A group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the American Parkinsons disease association. Passersby stop at a booth hosted by the American Parkinson Disease Association at a fair. A lot of people gather together to get some free advice, and information. People surrounding an American Parkinson booth.	A group stands in a room.	neutral
Man attired in racing suit, riding a motorcycle on an asphalt track. A man in orange is racing in an orange motorcycle professionally. Orange motorcycle racing around a bend in a racetrack. A person riding a motorcycle is dressed in orange.	Drivers lined up.	neutral
A small brass band performs on stage for a large audience with a department flag on one side of the stage and an America flag on the other side. A school band performing in front of a crowded park surrounded by trees. The orchestra plays for the crowd beneath the lush greenery. A group of musicians play outside in front of a large crowd.	A black man plays guitar.	neutral
A young man with sunglasses and a blue tank top is playing guitar and kicking up his right leg. A boy in a blue tank top is playing the bass guitar with one foot in the air. The man with the guitar kicking up his right leg as he play his guitar. A white male playing a bass guitar and kicking into the air.	A band playing their instruments.	neutral
A young woman wearing a blue coat and brown leggings getting ready to walk into a building, after riding her bicycle. A bicycle with a basket is on a sidewalk. A bike is parked in front of the metro. An Asian girl has parked her bicycle.	Men just standing.	contradiction
Two barefoot men in mostly white apparel square off with machetes in what appears to be a group folk performance. A mock sword fight in some Latin American country. Two men are involved in sword fighting. Two men are battling in a sword fight.	Some men playing dominoes.	contradiction
A group of people, old and young, men and women, sit around a table doing arts and crafts. A group of varying ages is sitting around a table doing arts and crafts. A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects. Group of people work on arts and crafts.	A group playing music.	contradiction
A man is sipping on a drink while listening to a gentleman talking to him Two men speaking while drinking from coffee mugs. Older work professionals having a business event. Two men are having coffee,.	Men enjoying a beer.	contradiction
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming. The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles. A man in blue goggles is in the swimming pool. A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool	A swimmer does the backstroke.	neutral
Airport employee dust the floor while standing on the moving walkway. A janitor stands on a moving walkway whilst cleaning in an airport. A man dust mopping the floor while riding a conveyor belt. A man is cleaning the walkway at an airport.	A man falling.	contradiction
People on public transportation, a couple is resting on each other. A passenger on a train is sleeping with a girl next to his seat. People getting tired while travelling. Sleepy subway passengers.	A man sits at a station.	contradiction
A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair, a red skirt and tan shirt. A man in an orange shirt and blue pants talks to a woman in a golden shirt and red skirt. Two people (a man and a woman) leaning up against a building conversing A man talking to a woman.	A guy skateboarding.	contradiction
A man with glasses and a long-sleeve green shirt admires a Komodo dragon. A smiling man with glasses is near a giant lizard who is sleeping. A man with a backpack is observing an alligator. A man is smiling behind a Komodo Dragon.	A man chases.	contradiction
A group of Asian men moving supplies into or out of a storage unit. Men are looking at the contents of a storage facility. There are a group of men standing around laughing. The four guys are being shown an iron board.	Man bent over.	neutral
A teacher stands in front of a projector and a student at the front of the class has her hand raised. A man dressed in a military uniform giving a presentation. A military person speaking to a group of women. A man in camouflage is teaching a class.	Police talk.	contradiction
A group a five people wearing the same shirt are sitting on the grass with a dog. Four women, one child and a black and white dog sit outside at a social event. Boys and girls wearing navy blue shirts smile for the camera. People sitting on the grass with a black and white dog.	Group gathered.	entailment
Three children do jumping jacks in a public place while a man sits and looks on. Three children jumping while an older man watches from a row of chairs nearby. Three young children jump while an older man watches from his seat. The children of a family play while they wait.	A kid diving.	neutral
A girl's hair flips up while she rides down the stairs on a skateboard. A girl on a skateboard is riding on a cement ledge next to a fence. A girl with her hair flying up from her head poses on a skateboard A skateboarder's hair flies through the air.	A child talking.	neutral
A white dog is walking through the leafy grass while a brown dog is about to bite it. A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass Two little dogs run through the leaves. A brown dog chasing a white dog.	A dog plays in a fenced yard.	entailment
A band is playing music on stage at a concert. A six piece band performs on stage. A concert being held on a stage. Men in a band playing on stage.	A man helping a man.	contradiction
An older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window. A man wearing a suit jacket is taking a closer look at something in a window. A man in a suit is observing an item through a window. An old man is looking into a store window.	A guy smiling.	neutral
A man with flowers looking out his second story window. A man with no shirt on looking out of a window. Man looks out of second story window. A man is looking out of a window.	A breakdancer standing.	neutral
A man in black is leaning on a telephone booth, near boxes of beer bottles, trash bags, a red car, and a woman in blue. On a street corner, a man stands near a pile of trash sorted for recycling. A man leans against a telephone booth next to piles and bags of trash. A homeless person setting up his belongings on the street corner.	A man has a white beard.	neutral
A large group of children in matching red vests and large fake noses yell. Many children are gathered outside with toy noses on and are shouting. A group of children are wearing red vest and some have balloons. A crowd of children wearing red are cheering	A group partying.	entailment
A male wearing a blue shirt is holding a cup in hand while staring at the camera. A man with a Mohawk and a shirt saying "-ependent" faces the camera A man with a Mohawk is holding a cup. A man in a short Mohawk and beard.	A woman smiling.	contradiction
Two people in bright orange coats are working on some piece of equipment that is dealing with a train. Two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work. Two workers in orange jackets work on a red train. Two railway workers fix a train in orange vests.	A man racing on a track.	neutral
The main focus of the photograph is several young, attractive women in short dresses walking. Several women with long hair and mini-dresses walk together. A young woman wearing a small dress while walking. Woman wearing club wear walking.	Three elderly women walking.	contradiction
The older gentlemen explains with enthusiasm what the string is for. A man is winding up fishing line with a strange smile on his face. A man looks up from his loom and makes a strange gesture. An old man coiling fishing line.	A man working on a sign.	contradiction
An older woman is taking a photograph through a window of a young woman with coffee and cigarettes who is sitting at a restaurant table filling out papers with a blue pen. An older lady takes a picture while a young lady sits on the table minding her own business. A woman sitting in a restaurant, drinking coffee and doing some sort of paperwork. A woman at a cafe is drinking coffee while doing paperwork.	A woman working while another woman watches.	entailment
Three men are working on some kind of equipment, but I 'm not sure whether it's a ship or an oil rig. One construction worker hands another some sort of machinery while climbing a ladder. Workers are wearing life jacket and working at the seashore. Several workers standing on and around a ladder.	Two men working on a project.	entailment
A basketball game with player in black uniform about to score while surrounded by players in white. A basketball player drives to the hoop for a lay up. A man is going for a dunk in a basketball game. A basketball player goes for a layup.	Kid jumping in the air.	neutral
A boy on his skateboard grinds down a roadside barrier in a pleasant suburban community. A young man riding and grinding his skateboard against the railing. A man is grinding his skateboard on a guard rail. A young man wearing a green shirt skating.	A man outdoors.	entailment
Two little blond girls with their hair pulled back in pigtails are holding hands, standing near a horse drawn carriage. Two girls in white dresses stand on a cobbled road next to a carriage and two brown horses. Two young girls in frilly white dresses stand outside a horse drawn carriage. Two young girls, both in white dresses, stand by a horse drawn carriage.	A kid jumps.	contradiction
A guy on Rollerblades is grinding on a rail in a skate park. A boy is skating along a ledge in an indoor skate center. Young man with white helmet is rollerblading on a ledge A rollerblader grinds a rail at an indoor skate park.	A skater jumping.	neutral
A male pianist sitting and looking at a beautiful black piano. A man is playing a black grand piano. A man playing a black grand piano. A musician sitting at his piano.	Men have computers.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt is telling an exciting story while another man in purple looks on. A group of three friends are conversing inside of a home. Two men in white shirts and another person are talking. Three men are standing together.	Some men posing.	neutral
An older woman and a young child look off into the distance while riding a Merry-go-Round. A mother and her daughter on a carousel looking at something off to the side. A young child in a green shirt is on a carousel. A young girl and a woman ride a carousel.	A child reaches out.	neutral
A man wearing a suit stands on the street with his right hand outstretched. A man in a dark suit standing in front of a metal fence on the sidewalk. A balding, white man is standing outside with his hand in the air. A man tossing trash to the side.	Some men posing.	contradiction
A middle-aged woman in a black dress stands facing a little girl who is holding a stuffed animal in blue hat. A mother and her daughter are enjoying their Christmas presents. A woman and a girl inside, near some gifts during the holidays. A woman and her granddaughter open Christmas gifts.	A child holding a child.	contradiction
Two girls one in a gray dress the other in a black striped dress are playing with hula hoops. Two young women in dresses are playing with hula hoops. Two girls are using hoops to spin around themselves. Two girls in dresses hula hooping outside.	Kids waiting.	contradiction
Three men inside a building working on a construction project. Three men are working on a home improvement project. A man supervising workers in a workshop. A man is cutting wood with a power tool.	Man standing on the edge of rocks.	contradiction
Two men are sitting on a rock and the one with blue and strip tee is eating. Two bald guys drinking and eating while sitting on a wall. Two men enjoying a glass of beer and some food. Two men siting down and having a beer.	A guy standing.	contradiction
Several children are playing hockey on opposing teams and attempting to score a goal. Five young people are playing hockey while wearing rollerskates. Children playing an informal game of hockey Youth floor hockey at school	Hockey players fall.	neutral
Two women smiling standing next to each other Two smiling young women in brown converse. Two young women are outside wearing bags. Two ladies laugh and smile.	A woman taking a picture of another woman.	neutral
Three young, blond girls wearing brightly colored clothes are having fun outdoors under a rainbow colored umbrella. Three children play on the grass under a multicolored umbrella and wearing rainbow colored outfits. Three girls playing and smiling on the grass, under an umbrella. Children sitting on the grass and covered with an umbrella.	A boy jumps.	contradiction
The man is rollerblading in a red hat, blue shirt, and tan pants. A man rollerblading down a path through an active community. A man on Rollerblades glides down a park path. A man Rollerblades in a park.	A man shielding himself.	neutral
A middle-aged man wearing a baseball cap turned backwards, a black shirt, and blue shorts who is driving a boat which has a wooden steering wheel with the British flag flown in the background. A man in a backwards baseball cap, black shirt and blue shorts behind the steering wheel of a boat with a flag behind him. An older gentleman poses at the helm of a boat. A man is navigating a boat.	A man water-skiing.	contradiction
A tired looking child is sitting in a stroller and rubbing its eyes. A brown-haired, little girl itches her eye in a stroller. A brown-haired young girl in a stroller rubs her eyes. Little girl sitting in a blue stroller.	Some diners sitting.	contradiction
Crowd watches as a woman in red shirt goes to break a cinder block with a sledgehammer on a man's chest. A woman aims a sledgehammer to break a concrete block placed on a man's stomach while children watch. A crowd watches a woman with a sledgehammer next to a man with a cinder block on his stomach. A man has a cinder block in his chest.	A man rocks out.	contradiction
A man is passionately playing the cello in within a larger orchestra. A musician is playing a cello in an orchestra. Asian male in a blue shirt plays the cello. A violinist practicing in class.	A man sitting in a chair playing an instrument.	neutral
A man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick. A man smiles at the camera as he fries his food in a large cast-iron pan. A man in a kitchen is frying breaded food in a cast iron pan. A man in an apron smiling as he fries food.	A man explaining.	neutral
A girl with a purple shirt with a heart on it is making an electrical switch. A small girl is putting together a robot of some sort. A young girl learns how electrical circuits work. A small girl works with electronics.	A little boy standing.	contradiction
A woman wearing a black dress and black tights is walking down a sidewalk. A woman in a black dress walks down the sidewalk. A young lady is walking in the street. Woman walking in an evening street.	A woman straddling a wall.	contradiction
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth. Dog walking with his leash in his mouth. A yellow dog carries a black leash. A dog carries a leash in its mouth.	A dog walking on a road in a forest.	neutral
A little girl in a pink dress lays her head on a woman's lap, sucking her thumb. A child rests on her mother lap exhausted from a day of sun and fun at the beach. A young girl asleep on a woman's lap after a day at the beach. A little girl falls asleep while sucking her thumb.	Parent having fun.	neutral
A gray bearded Scottish gentleman in red plaid is playing the bagpipes. The man with the white beard is playing a red bagpipe. A man with a beard in the foreground playing bagpipes Several bagpipers in Scottish dress.	Some hikers walking.	contradiction
A young man in a blue jacket holds a fish while sitting on a rowboat on a river with a young boy wearing a red jacket. Two young boys are sitting in a canoe, the one in the foreground is holding a medium sized fish. Two teenage boys in a boat, one holding a fish with calm water and trees in background Two young men in a boat while one holds up a fish.	A child vacuuming.	contradiction
A man in a black cape faces off against a young boy in a tracksuit. Children gather and play outside of an older white building. A man prepares to fight a young boy in the gravel. Two males are fighting in the street.	A child enjoying themselves.	neutral
A blue Harley motorcycle is one of a group of motorcycles owned by motorcyclists. A lady with brown hair is talking to a man in front of a motorcycle. A parked motorcycle sits among other parked motorcycles. Two people are standing near their motorcycles.	Three men standing next to each other.	neutral
A group of people are exercising with their arms spread out. Outdoor group exercise for people getting healthy. A group of people exercising on a green field. A group of people doing exercise in the park	A man leaning against a statue.	contradiction
A skateboarder flies through the air over the staircase of a sleek contemporary building. Skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings. People sitting on steps with large buildings in the background Someone skateboarding over steps surrounded by buildings.	A skater slides.	entailment
A person wearing a navy jacket and black hat jumping over a small partition on a horse. A show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence. An equestrian and a horse are jumping over an obstacle. A woman on a horse jumps an obstacle.	A group jumping.	contradiction
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs. An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead. An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops. An old man on a bicycle riding through the park.	Some men listening.	contradiction
A person with a large bag walking on the sidewalk next to a large brick wall. A person is walking by a wall that is surrounding a church. A lone person is walking on the sidewalk. A person walking down an empty street.	A man walking the direction.	entailment
A group of runners are running down the street and turning a corner. Here is a picture of people running a marathon on the road. A group of runners are pictured while running a marathon. Several runners round a corner on an autumn day.	A group does various activities.	contradiction
A mix of kids and adults sitting by a tree that has different colored flags hanging around it. Group of people, mature and young sitting beside the dirt road looking across the road. A group of people sitting on the side of the road with banners in the background. A group of people resting on the side of the road.	A crowd walks.	contradiction
A person is sitting in front of three blue and white port-o-potties with a mop propped against them. A woman, wearing an apron, sits outside three portable toilets. The lady is waiting to clean the bathrooms. A large woman sits in a port a john.	A woman holding a can.	neutral
A middle-aged man is getting his head completely shaved by another middle-aged man with hair. A man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man's hair. A man in a gray shirt is trimming the hair of another man sitting down. A man using an electric razor shaves someone's head.	A man laughing.	neutral
A woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight. A woman dressed in a purple sweater is leaning back on a park bench. A woman wearing a purple shirt is sitting on a bank day dreaming. A woman is sleeping on a park bench.	A woman in colorful clothing doing a dance.	contradiction
A woman is holding a toy snake, she is on stage with a guy speaking through a microphone, and a man in clown makeup holding a guitar. A well dressed man in front of a microphone is attacked by a dragon pinata and a lady. A man speaks into a microphone while a surprised woman holds a stuffed snake. A group of people perform using a fake snake.	Performers and a performer perform on stage.	entailment
A boy in the bathroom wearing a Spider-Man t-shirt holding a ball and a toothbrush. A kid in a Spider-Man outfit holds toothbrush and ball in the bathroom A boy is in the bathroom holding a green ball and a toothbrush. A little boy is in a bathroom holding a green ball.	A mime standing.	neutral
A man with close-cut hair wearing a plaid shirt is pointing to a screen that has words projected on it. A man in jeans and a button up shirt is presenting something on a projector screen. A man with a checkered shirt on is giving a PowerPoint presentation to people. A man is giving a presentation.	Men standing behind a variety of fruit and vegetables.	neutral
A man is riding a bucking horse in a dirt field with trucks in the background while holding something that appears to be a riding whip. A man as he is lifted from a rearing horse at a rodeo. A horse bucks its rider in a dusty field A man in a hat riding a bucking horse.	A man breaking into a locker.	contradiction
A man is being tossed in the air by a large group holding the edges of a flag. A man's legs are in the air while his back is on a Lone Star Texas flag. Crowd throwing a person into the air with a blue, white, and red flag. A crowd of jubilant people flip a man up in the air using a large flag.	A man with a bag standing.	contradiction
A group of children that are either sitting or standing in a line, while two are holding a round object. Young adults wearing red, yellow, and black shirts in a straight line perform a sketch. Group of kids doing a performance. A group of people on stage	A child plays with a plane.	neutral
A girl in a polka dotted blue jean dress walks barefoot on a balance beam. A girl in a jean dress is walking along a raised balance beam. The little girl is walking a beam in gymnastics class. A little girl is walking on a balance beam.	Boy sitting.	contradiction
Lean dog trots through a sunny park in front of a chain link fence. A brown dog trotting across a grassy, fenced-in yard. A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence. A large brown dog in a fenced yard	Dogs playing with each other on a street.	contradiction
There is a little boy in red shorts asleep in his car seat holding a cookie. A young boy sleeps in his car seat. Little boy sleeping in the car. Baby sleeping in his car seat.	A worker sleeping.	neutral
Three young children wearing winter coats and hats ride on the front end of a bicycle built for four while a blond adult wearing a black coat rides on the backseat. A man who is wearing a black coat is on the back of a four seat bicycle with three children riding on the seats in front of him. Mom and her three children riding on a bicycle built for four. A man and three children riding a bike with four seats.	A woman moves.	entailment
A group of men and women with face paint on are huddled around a table as one woman pulls up a cup, with a band with various instruments playing music in the background. A group of people with white face makeup gathered around a table with some people playing instruments in front of a truck in the background. Nine people are dressed like mimes, with white makeup on their faces, four are playing musical instruments. Musical instruments being played while others are playing a game.	A group sitting eating food.	contradiction
A person in a red jacket is crossing a snow covered bridge over the cold river in the forest. Person with ski poles and a red jacket, walking on a snow covered tree over water. A man crossing a stream over a log covered with snow in winter. A man is walking across a snow covered log	Children walking.	contradiction
Two dogs are playing together with their mouths open. There are two Boston terriers biting at each other. Two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed Two boxers playfully snap at each other.	Two dogs running in a field.	neutral
Three young children, two girls and one boy, show exuberance later in the year as they jump in the dead leaves on the ground. A boy and two girls, all wearing brown shirts and blue jeans, are jumping in the air. Three kids wearing brown shirts and jeans jumping outdoors with leaves on the ground. Three kids frolic through autumn leaves.	A child yelling.	neutral
A woman and a dog both with the butts turned towards the camera A dog and a person look under the shelf. The backs of a woman and a dog. A dog and a woman bending over.	Women walking.	contradiction
A person in a specialized suit rides a motorcycle. Motorcyclist performing while two men watch. A guy doing tricks on a motorcycle. A motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.	Woman driving.	contradiction
A very large brown dog is playing with a smaller curly-haired dog. A huge brown dog is about to attack a medium sized fluffy dog. Two dogs chase one another on a gravel road. Two wet dogs.	A black dog and a dog fighting.	neutral
The old couple is walking past a colorful outdoor cafe. An older couple walks arm in arm past some shops. Two old people strolling the street. A couple walking down a street.	Man chasing another man.	contradiction
Two children, one in red, one in black, slide down a snow covered hill as they laugh. Two young kids one, one in black snowsuit and other in red slide down snowy hill. Two children, one in a red and one in black snow coats, playing in the snow. Two people in heavy snow gear sliding down a hill.	A boy does a stunt.	contradiction
A man wearing a green long-sleeved shirt is running. The man in the green shirt is running on the field. This young man is determined to win the race. A young man sprinting very quickly.	A large group watches a presentation.	contradiction
A young boy sits on the ground looking on as a woman looks toward a man dressed in a maroon jacket and dark pants leans against a pole. Two adults are outside talking, while a little boy watches them. Two people are facing each other in a dirty alley. A woman is talking to a guy on the sidewalk	A group of men gathers outside.	contradiction
A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching. The bull and rider are being observed by a group of people. There is a man with a white cowboy hat riding a bull. Bull riding with people watching	A man riding a bike in a park.	contradiction
The girl in the white shirt has a bracelet on and has her arm around the girl in the peach shirt. Two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground Two little girls are laying on the grass smiling. The two girls laid on the grass together.	Two boys dig.	contradiction
Two children riding inside atop an elephant harnessed with a riding pack, while an adult male watches on. Two children on the back of an elephant with a man holding the reigns off to the side. Two children are preparing to go on an elephant ride. Children sitting on an elephant in the woods.	A child smiles.	neutral
More than ten men are standing around; most of them are wearing blue shirts. An angry crowd gathering to hear a speech. A group of men standing in a crowd. One of the guys have his mouth open	American standing.	contradiction
Asians are sitting at a table and eating beside a green and white wall. People sit down on stools to enjoy a quick bite to eat. A group of people are sitting on stools eating some food The people are eating by a teal colored wall.	A man jumping over a metal railing.	contradiction
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides. A young child wearing a green shirt with his arms wide open A child standing in the grass with their arms spread wide. A youngster playing in the park.	Kids resting.	contradiction
Three workers in blue shirts are cleaning windows on a platform. Three window washers in blue uniforms work on scaffolding. Four men work on a scaffolding outside of a building. Three workers work on the side of a building	Travelers standing.	contradiction
A golden dog is running through the snow. A blond lab runs in the snow. A dog runs through the snow. Brown dog runs in snow.	Dog playing with smaller dog.	contradiction
A young man breakdancing on a cobblestone road with many people watching him. A street dancer twirls on his head in front of a crowd while being filmed. Young man breakdancing on a sidewalk in front of a crowd of people. A crowd forms to watch as a man breakdances in the street.	A DJ stands.	contradiction
Several bikers are going down one side of a four lane road while passing buildings that seem to be composed mostly of shades of brown and peach. A group of cyclists headed in one direction pedaling through a deserted town on an overcast day. A peloton of bicyclists riding down a road of tightly packed together houses. View of bicyclists from behind during a race.	A dirt bike rider rides on a dirt street.	neutral
An adult raises his hands towards a child outside a barber shop. A man with a young child playing with the man at a barber shop A man is greeting a child in front of a barber shop. A man gives a boy high-fives outside a barber shop.	Many groups standing.	contradiction
The girl in the white shirt has a bracelet on and has her arm around the girl in the peach shirt. Two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground Two young girls hug each other in the grass. The two girls laid on the grass together.	Some kids walking.	neutral
A crowd of scouts where there are flags of many nations being held. A group of people gather and holding different types of flags. A group of people are gathered at some type of outdoor event. A reunion of boy scouts from all over the world.	Seniors gathered.	contradiction
Kids playing in the streets while one is holding a gun while an adult woman passes by. A group of kids playing with toy guns in a cobblestone town square. Several mischievous kids play with toy guns in a public area. A group of young boys play with a gun in a city street.	An employee stands.	contradiction
The little girl in the red flowered dress and pink cape is holding a racket. A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket. A little girl in a red flowered dress with a tennis racket. A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.	A kid standing.	entailment
A man wearing a black shirt and camouflage shorts and a child wearing a blue shirt and camouflage shorts are holding snow cones in front of a motorcycle. A guy giving the little boy a snow cone on a hot day beside a motorcycle. A small boy and his father selling snow cones from their street cart. A man and boy standing next to a scooter	A guy pointing.	neutral
Two women sitting at a lunch table with papers and books on the table laughing. Two women, one holding a plaque, one wearing a name badge, in a diner. Two women smile while sitting at a table. A group of ladies at a meeting.	A woman has bags.	neutral
A young child is riding a bike in the dirt along a brick walkway in a park. A child in an orange t-shirt is riding a green bike beside a pathway. A child wearing helmet is riding baby bicycle by side of walk path. A child in red is riding a bicycle.	A little girl playing with toys.	contradiction
A little girl in white is looking back at the camera while carrying a water grenade. A young girl wearing white looks at the camera as she plays. A smiling young girl in braids is playing ball. A girl in a white dress.	Child holding a tennis racket.	contradiction
A woman in a purple top is standing in a room with a red wall. An individual is walking out of an place. A brown-haired man walking in a studio. A woman in a purple shirt walking.	A man holds his hands above his head.	neutral
Several women are gather around a table in a corner surrounded by bookshelves. Six people are sitting around an L-shaped table surrounded by books and yarn. Six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf. A group of women having drinks in at a table in a cafe bookstore.	A child eating food out of a bowl.	contradiction
A woman sings at a club while a man plays the drums. Two entertainers are performing under red lights. A lady singing on stage with drums in the back. Woman sings at a club under bright lights	An artist sings.	entailment
A woman taking pictures of three people one is kneeling in front of a man wearing shorts and a woman wearing a white gown. A blindfolded man is on his knees in front of a chair where a second man sits, wearing a garter belt above his left knee. A blindfolded man sits on his knees while in front of a bride and a groom with a garter on his leg. A bride and groom are playing games at a wedding reception.	Riders watch.	contradiction
A child leans over a display made up of blue and yellow plastic, while an adult looks on. A young girl plays at a large sand box, while a woman sits and chats on a cellphone. A water play table in which a game can be played. A maze of blue and yellow walls in front of a lady	A lady laughing.	neutral
A boy surrounded by pigeons is interacting with a person who is part of a larger crowd. Group of people in an open square with a large flock of pigeons. Boy in yellow shirt getting picture taken surrounded by pigeons A crowd scene with pigeons in a plaza.	Some cheerleaders standing.	contradiction
Three men repairing the streets by means of manual labor. Three men utilize the shade near a wall. Three men work under a hot sun. Some men are working together.	A man standing behind a cart.	neutral
A man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something. A man in a blue shirt follows another man carrying a blue and black bag. Two men walking in summer attire. Two men walking down the street.	Man sling.	contradiction
A little girl hugs her brother on a footbridge in a forest. Two little children are on a wooden bridge in the woods. A girl and a boy hugging on a bridge Two children hugging on a bridge.	Women standing from each other.	contradiction
Bald man in what looks like to be a lab with a lady watching as he is mixing some liquids in clear cup containers A man is a white lab coat with safety glass pouring liquid from one glass to another while a woman looks on. Man with goggles and robe pouring items from glass and boy looks on Two scientists pouring fluid from one beaker to another.	A man performs a back flip.	contradiction
A younger girl holds up a yellow "Free Car wash" sign along the edge of a road. A woman holds a "car wash" sign on the edge of a quiet street. A girl is holding a sign that points toward a free car wash. A teenage girl advertises a free car wash.	A woman stands in front of a poster.	neutral
The captains of two football teams meet with the referee on the field before the game starts. Players at football game gather around referee in preparation for action. A football team getting ready for the coin toss in a half empty stadium. Football players gather for the coin toss.	Several kids standing.	neutral
A person in a motocross uniform, and wearing a helmet, rides a red motorcycle. A racing motorcycle and motorcyclist in red leaning into a turn. A man is riding a red racing motorcycle. A motorcyclist dressed in red.	Racers peddling.	neutral
Teams assemble on a soccer field wearing blue, red, and yellow uniforms. A soccer game, with a huge crowd in the background. Soccer players interact on the field. Two soccer teams playing a game.	A football player runs on the field.	contradiction
A group of carnival goers mingle around a booth with a large white contraption. A group of people at an outside event, some pouring beers, others chatting. A man is pouring beer into a cup at an outdoor event. Two men are serving beer from a tap.	A group having a party.	entailment
A man without a shirt wearing black jogging shorts and a woman in a black t-shirt and red shorts jog together through a park. A shirtless man and a woman are jogging on a sidewalk. A shirtless man and woman in a black shirt running. A man and a woman are jogging down the sidewalk.	A man paddles.	contradiction
Two men with painted faces looking like clowns one singing and the other play an tiny guitar. Two men are dressed up in suits and face paint as mimes while putting on a show. Two performers with mime makeup stand before a microphone. Two men in clown makeup are singing a song.	Woman performing a dance on stage.	contradiction
Brown dog on grass, drinking water spray from left side of frame. A brown dog is bending down trying to drink from a jet of water. A brown dog slurps water from a sprinkler on the grass. A dog drinking from a creek.	A dog with a collar biting a dog.	contradiction
A figure in green and black clothes poses for the camera while hoisting a sword-like object and camera, partially obscured by weeds in a snowy, outdoor, rural setting. The photographer is taking Polaroids of the landscape. A man with a camera smiles through some reeds. Man with a polaroid camera in the woods.	A man helping a man in climb.	contradiction
Two city cops wearing black helmets and neon jackets ride horses across a street. Police go downtown on national horse riding day in the United Kingdom. Two policeman on horses policing a downtown area. Two police riding horses in the city.	An officer sits.	entailment
A brown-haired man with glasses, playing a guitar in an apartment studio. A man, with glasses, is playing an acoustic guitar. A man in glasses playing an acoustic guitar. A man playing the guitar.	Two guys playing a game.	contradiction
A little girl with pink pants and a pink jacket on in the middle of a pile of plastic bottles. A young girl in pink standing next to a pile of plastic bottles. A girl in a pink jacket standing in a pile of plastic bottles. Girl standing in a pile of empty plastic bottles.	A child watches.	neutral
A tan, white, and black dog runs towards a sidewalk. A small dog runs from the dirt onto the street A dog jumps onto the sidewalk. Dog leaps out.	A brown and white dog catches a ball.	neutral
The motorcyclists all turn together in the race. People on motorbikes are coming around a turn. Motorcycle racers take a sharp turn. Motorcyclists racing on a track.	A rider racing.	entailment
Two Doberman's run through a field while one of them holds a tennis ball in its mouth. Two black and brown Dobermans running in a field playing ball. Two black and brown dogs are running through a field. Two dogs run around together in the field.	Dog runs across the ground.	entailment
A man in blue jeans and a white t-shirt is working on a window with rail guards. A young man does improvements on an older building. A guy is working on the outside of a town home. Young man works on window frame.	A man having his eye examined.	contradiction
A man leaning on the side of a building is playing the accordion. A mustached man wearing a dark gray shirt plays an accordion. A mustachioed man plays the accordion on the street. A man plays an accordion outdoors.	A man climbing the side of a wall.	contradiction
A woman posing with a kid in the background playing with bubbles. Asian parents and toddlers at a park area playing with bubbles. Several women in a park with their toddlers and soap bubbles An older woman is supervising a toddler.	A man stands in front of a woman.	contradiction
Brown horse standing in the background while man in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off. Cowboy on foot in some enclosed area with a horse with spectators. A man dressed as a cowboy walks away from a brown horse. A man jumps off his horse at a rodeo.	A group standing.	contradiction
A group of three men in white shirts stand near a police van while a man in a black jacket with a white stripe sits on the curb. The police are on the scene of what ever happened, with a handcuffed man. The men are talking to the person in the police van. A police vehicle in an urban area.	A man watches a man in the foreground.	neutral
A man taking a cellphone picture of a woman in white on a crowded street. A man in a Hawaiian shirt takes a photo of a woman wearing white. A man is taking a picture of a woman on a crowded street. Crowded street with a man taking a photo with his phone.	Women looking across a street.	contradiction
Two soldiers stand next to a truck holding packages of games, puzzles and building blocks. Two US soldiers are standing in front of a Humvee full of toys. Two soldiers stand in front of a pile of children's toys. Two soldiers stand in front of children's toys.	Two men talking to a man.	contradiction
A man with a brown shirt on is using a video camera. A man wearing a brown t-shirt holds a video camera. A man videotaping with a guitar on his shoulder. Musician makes a home movie.	Some performers singing.	contradiction
The little girl with the tiara is putting on eyeshadow in front of a mirror. Young girl in blue dress and tiara applying makeup in the mirror. A child ballerina puts on makeup backstage in a mirror. A young girl in a blue dress applies makeup in a mirror.	Children standing on a dirt street.	contradiction
A man with glasses reads through a menu on the lake-side patio of a restaurant. A bald man wearing glasses reads through some sort of manual or report. A bald man with glasses stares at a menu while seated near the water. A man wearing a black shirt and a pair of glasses is reading.	A man sitting in front of laptops.	neutral
A female gymnast is performing a pose that requires her right hand to be placed on the floor between her right knee and left foot. A female dancer wearing a cobalt blue sleeved shirt and black leggings is practicing on a stage in front of a curtain. A young lady is dressed in a blue top with black leotards and is in a dance pose. Young lady during a performance of modern dance.	Women walking.	contradiction
A man in yellow shorts throws down grains of rice in a rice paddy field. A man in a floppy hat and bright yellow shorts is standing in mud. A man in yellow shorts throwing seeds in a field. A man in a muddy field sowing seeds.	Surfers walking.	contradiction
A man and woman are riding on a motorcycle with a child in between them. A man, a woman and a child riding on one motorcycle. An Indian family riding on a motorbike on the street. People riding down a road.	Several men having food.	contradiction
A woman wrapped in a large piece of cloth peeking her head out of two large wooden doors. A woman peeks outside a set of archaic wooden doors. A woman peers out from behind tall wooden doors. A woman opens a door to peak around the corner.	These lady having a conversation.	contradiction
A motorcycle races along a deserted road where there are trees in the background. A single motorcycle rider driving down a stretch of road surrounded by dirt. A motorcyclist speeds down a racing course, with no other riders in sight. A motorcyclist racing down a drag strip.	Swimmers racing.	contradiction
A toddler is sitting in the sand wearing a blue denim jacket and flowered pants. An unhappy toddler in a blue jacket sitting on the hot sand. A baby wearing a blue jacket is sitting in sand. Baby in blue jacket, sitting in sand crying.	A child brushes the hair of a child.	contradiction
Four motocross racers fly over the off-road dirt ramp during a competition. Four motorcycle riders are jumping over a dirt hill in a meadow. Four people on dirt bikes are driving over a dirt hill. Motocross Riders racing to the finish line.	Drivers peddling.	contradiction
Young man with short hair and a white shirt wearing headphones tilting his head sideways with his hand while seated in front of a computer screen inside of a room with books on the shelf. A young man sitting in the dark wearing a white shirt with his hand turning his face up wearing earphones. A young male sitting in front of a computer monitor A man sits at a computer in the dark.	A man looking down.	contradiction
Dressed in high-waisted blue jeans, boots and a blue shirt with a gold "B" on the front is talking on the phone. A man with a book is leaning on a pole in the sidewalk. A man talking on his cellphone on the street. This gentleman is talking on the phone.	A man checking under the hood of a car.	contradiction
A volleyball player in an orange shirt jumps into the air to hit the ball. A male volleyball player in a yellow jersey is about to spike the ball. A volleyball player in an orange jersey performing a jump serve. A player jumping high in the air after hitting a volleyball.	A man woodworking.	contradiction
Man getting ready to paint a room by mixing the paint. A man prepping paint to do some painting. A young man mixing paint in a paint can. A young man mixes a can of paint.	A man smiling.	neutral
A party or reunion at someones house and the people are talking. The young people have plenty of snacks close at hand. Four men and one woman are socializing at a party. Several people standing in a kitchen.	A group standing on a corner.	neutral
Several young people, two on a bike, are walking near parked vehicles. Three women walk down a city street, as seen from above. Five young people on the street, two sharing a bicycle. Three young women walking down a sidewalk looking up	A blond woman crossing a street.	neutral
A family of four sits together at table 11 in a fancy Chinese restaurant. A group of people are sitting around a table in a restaurant. Young people out to dinner at a Chinese restaurant Three people eating in an upscale restaurant.	A group talking to each other.	neutral
Three members of a rock band are on stage in front of a crowd, one playing guitar, one playing drums, and one playing bass, with a large, lit-up "W" logo hanging behind them and smoke surrounding them. A Musical rock band of three members perform on stage with a giant well lit W shape symbol in the background. Two men playing guitar and one man playing the drums with a large W logo behind them. Band plays on stage with Weezer symbol in the background.	Performers and a musician perform on stage.	entailment
The bald-headed lead singer of the band sings into the microphone while the guitarist plays beside him. A man with no hair is singing. Two men at a concert singing. Two musicians are performing.	A man camping.	contradiction
Little girl in pink shirt looking back in the midst of a large crowd watching a performance by several people in red, black and white costumes. A crowd looking at a group of people wearing red shirts and white pants. A girl is sitting on an adult's shoulders at an outdoor event. Little girl is disinterested by what entices the crowd.	A man and his child sitting on a bench.	neutral
A male is on a swing as four other people stand to the side of him. A child on the swing while other children watch him. Five Asian children spend an afternoon in the park. A group of Asian boys are playing on a swing set.	African children sitting.	contradiction
A toddler sits beside a shower in a hooded white robe with its hands in the air. A little boy in a bathrobe sits on a bench near the shower in a bathroom. A small child sits in a bathroom sauna wearing a robe. Baby sitting on a chair with a robe on.	A group waiting.	contradiction
One man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left. Three people are waiting on the curb as a man walks by. A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building. Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.	Women posing with two men.	neutral
An older man wearing a white shirt with a black tie and a black cap is standing on the street. Older man in a white shirt and a black tie wearing a black beret and walking down the street. An old ban with a black hat and tie walks down a city street. A man in a black hat is wearing a black tie.	A woman who walking.	contradiction
Two women eating at a table with a lot of pigeons on the street next to them A person rides a moped while women sit on a bench surrounded by pigeons. A street with pigeons, a motorcyclist and a woman on a bench. The birds are in the street.	A man walking through a busy street.	neutral
A rodeo rider tries to stay on a bull while another man runs toward him and several spectators watch from behind a gate. It is bull fight and a man is running towards the ground. A man with red sleeves rides a black bucking bull. A man is riding on top of a bull	A man hitchhiking.	contradiction
A young woman with beads and feathers in her hair smiles as she applies body paint to someone's hand. A woman with face makeup and feathers in her hair holds the hand of someone else. A woman in colorful ethnic clothing paints henna on a person's hand. A woman painting henna tattoos on another female.	Woman kicking.	contradiction
Six Buddhist boys walk along the side of a road in traditional orange monk robes. Six monks in bright orange robes walk through a park next to a lake. Six boys, wearing orange robes, walking on the side of a road. Monks wearing orange robes are taking a walk.	A man skies.	contradiction
Man seems to be at a celebration of some sort and has his arms thrown up in the air. A man in pink button shirt raises his arms in front of the crowd. Guy rejoicing over something - maybe a sports team win. A man surrounded by an audience as he dances.	A group swimming.	contradiction
A small group takes time to relax as they lounge in the grass. Tattooed men and women kick back and relax at a park. A group of people relaxing in a park. A group of people lay in the park.	Men doing martial arts.	contradiction
Three gentlemen in business-formal attire drink and socialize at an indoor event, with two of the men looking off to the left and one of the men holding a bottle smiles for the camera. There are three men wearing dress clothes and standing around. Three males in collared shirts and ties celebrating. Three well dressed guys enjoying a social event.	A man sitting inside and playing banjo.	contradiction
Several women sitting at a table at a restaurant wearing Islamic headdresses. A wedding reception decorated in white and gold contains a diverse crowd. A crowd of people sit at round tables in a banquet hall. Many people are seated in a well decorated hall.	A woman sitting in a blue chair.	neutral
Three musicians on a stage, two are guitarists, and one is wearing a hat, black striped pants, strumming a red electric guitar, and the other guitarist is strumming a white guitar while the other musician is wearing blue jeans and a black t-shirt and singing. A man in a black jacket and checkered hat wearing black and white striped pants plays an electric guitar on a stage with a singer and another guitar player in the background. A rock band playing on stage with the lead guitarist wearing white striped pants and the lead singer in a black shirt and jeans with the bass player in the background. At a rock concert a man dressed in black and white pants and a checked hat plays his red guitar while another man sings.	A fisherman with a line cast out.	contradiction
Three people standing in front of a mountain with backpacks and hats look towards the camera. Three men in blue jackets stand at the base of a mountain. There are three hikers in the vicinity of a mountain. Three people are standing outside.	A group yelling.	neutral
Three uniformed people take off in a small boat with an outboard motor. An orange inflatable speed boat with three men gets ready to take off. People are on a motorized life boat and are backing it up to a ramp. Three people leaving a dock in a raft.	A man breaking into a window.	contradiction
Several young men in t-shirts sort through CD's on a table. People are checking out CDs on an counter. Young men search through compact discs. Several young men browsing in C.D's.	A crowd protesting.	contradiction
Two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos. There is a cowboy in a rodeo trying to lasso a calf. Men on horses in the rodeo try to rope in a bull. Two men on horses are trying to lasso a bull.	A man riding his bike in a city.	contradiction
Little kid on a man's shoulders and another man holding a blue backpack in front of a canyon. Two men are hiking with a small child near to some interesting shape rock formations. A group of people stand in front of a rock formation. There are two men and a kid hiking outside.	A man and a dog walking on a beach.	contradiction
A man in a purple shirt is about to talk to a man in a white shirt with suspenders. A man is standing next to a red door. Two men are standing by a red door. A man is looking at another man.	A man learning.	neutral
Three men are setting up a scene by measuring the lights for a couple sitting on a low couch. A small group of people standing while two sit on the couch. A group of five young adults lounging indoors. There are four men and one woman.	A man and woman look at something.	neutral
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is looking down while inside a crowd of people. Asian woman in traditional dress and white fur collar Girl wears white feather boa and kimono. An Asian woman holds her fur scarf.	Lady leaning against a post.	neutral
Two girls wearing gray sweat jackets picking on the side of a busy road, one of the girls is picking up something off the ground while the other looks on. Two people on the side of the road, one is kneeling in the dirt. Two people picking up trash on the side of the road. Two people standing on the side of a street.	Children fall while a child watches.	contradiction
A number of children wearing red shirts with white hearts stand outside a bus, watched by two men, receiving toys. A group of volunteers working with children to do a toy drive outside of a toys r us for children in need. Some men are watching after a group of kids in front of a Toys R Us. A group of children outside of a toy store loading off a bus.	A group cheering.	contradiction
People are walking along an icy pass. Travelers on a very cold day hiking. Some people climbing a mountain. People are hiking on a mountain.	A group does gymnastics.	contradiction
People are gathered at a platform on which stands a table of trophies with graduated boxes in front of the platform labeled 1, 2 and 3. Awards are being presented to children on Field Day in a place that speaks an Asian language. A stage is set in Oriental motif for an award ceremony honoring 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place. A stage full of people at a festival.	A breakdancer standing.	contradiction
Four younger children play Monopoly on the living room floor with an older woman and a gray-haired man. A family of six are playing Monopoly together in the living room. An older man and woman are playing monopoly with children. Family in a living area playing a board game.	Some guys sitting.	contradiction
Girl holding multicolored balloons stands outside in the middle of a crowd. A young girl stops and looks at her newly won balloons. A young girl holding balloons in a crowded street. Girl with a lot of balloons in a crowd	Girls and boys standing.	neutral
A man in a pale green t-shirt stands next to a man in a black t-shirt inside an unfinished building. Two men work on putting together some office decor. Two men with short hair are working. Two men working in a factory.	A man with a cane walking.	contradiction
A bike rider with a yellow helmet and red jacket corners a trail in a leafy wooded area. A man in a yellow helmet riding his bike on a trail through the woods. A man on a bike is riding on a trail through the woods in the fall. A bicyclist is riding down a leaf strewn trail.	Biker riding bike in the forests.	entailment
Two women dressed in ceremonial apparel are standing on the grass looking at bridge that leads to a building with a mountain in the background. Two women are wearing red ethnic costumes, with a Chinese building and a mountain in the background. Two women in kimonos under an overcast sky with a mountain in the distance. This is two women dressed in red costumes standing close together	A woman walking through a fountain.	contradiction
A boy smiles up at the camera while sitting inside a large cardboard box. Young blond child in gray shirt playing in a cardboard box. A red-haired box is sitting in a large cardboard box. A blond child inside of a box smiling	A boy swinging.	contradiction
Men in khaki green pants having a conversation on a busy street. A few soldiers have a discussion while onlookers stand nearby. A military member talks to another while on the streets. The soldiers are preparing for security at a big event.	Guys fighting.	contradiction
A young man in a black swimsuit and t-shirt jumps off of a bridge with an audience of seven onlookers. A crowd gathered on a bridge watches a man in dark shorts and shirt jump. A guy in a black tank-top jumping off of a bridge while others watch him. A young man wearing black jumps off a height while people clap.	Spectators watching a rider.	contradiction
A construction worker leans against a yellow pipe, seemingly asking for something. A man in a hard hat and work clothes is leaning over a railing. A man with a hard hat working at a construction site. Older man looks on in construction site.	A worker sleeping.	contradiction
A woman is pushing a man in a wheelchair toward the camera on a brick street while other people are passing behind them. A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair; in the background is an arch. A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair in a European courtyard. A woman pushing a man in a wheelchair outside.	A man dressed up.	contradiction
Cheerleader, dressed in black and yellow, engage in a routine by an American football field. Cheerleaders at a sporting event toss a girl high up into the air. Cheerleaders throw each other into the air by a football field. Cheerleaders on the sidelines perform an aerial maneuver.	A group shopping.	contradiction
Two people dressed warmly and sporting fur hats are outdoors at a table festooned with various items in front of an orange building with prominent ducts. Two people tend to their table of products at a street market. An elderly couple set out their goods for sale. An old lady is selling goods on the street.	A man selling fish.	contradiction
A police officer in a white hat, yellow vest, and blue pants is standing in an intersection while several red and yellow firetrucks line the street on each side. Five firetrucks line the street, ready for potential problems. Firetrucks line both sides of a busy two-way road. A fire in an office building disrupting the day.	A group talking with each other.	contradiction
Basketball players in the middle a game with the main subject jumping up to retrieve the ball. A basketball player is shooting while his teammates and the other team look on. Male athlete in midair, wearing white shorts and high top shoes. A College Basketball player makes a Layup.	Man bent over.	contradiction
A rugby player runs with the ball whilst being supported by a line of backs. Rugby players running with trees and spectators in the background. A soccer player advances with the ball on a sunny day. A bunch of men playing rugby	A dog running in a field with animals.	contradiction
A number of people wait at a bus stop looking towards the sun, low in the sky. A man is sitting on a bench and smoking in front of other people. A man on a bench smoking and waiting for the bus to come. Old man smoking cigarette on bench.	A group waiting crossing.	neutral
Two children raise their hands to ask a question to the two women at the front of their classroom. Two women are standing in front of a class of children talking about a book. Two women are teaching in front of a classroom of young children. A class of students are raising their hands.	Boys reading.	neutral
An ethnic street performer (bongo drums) posing for the camera. Jamaican musician entertaining passers on a sidewalk for tips. A man dressed as his culture is playing the drums outside. An African man in a colorful hat is playing conga drums.	Two older men sitting.	neutral
Nine men in their swimming gear are in a large pool performing swimming exercises. Nine men with red swim trunks are synchronized swimming in a large pool. A group of synchronized men doing aquatic exercises A group of guys swimming in red trunks.	A man with arm sling walks.	contradiction
A little boy in a green shirt is eating chocolate ice cream. A young boy in green is eating chocolate ice cream. Young boy eats chocolate ice cream out of a cup. Little boy eating chocolate ice cream.	Two children eating with chopsticks.	contradiction
A man in white shirt and blue vest is playing a large wooden pipe, with mountains and trees in the background. An Asian man in traditional clothing sounds a large horn in a pleasant mountain landscape. A man on a grassy hillside wearing traditional clothing is blowing a long horn. A man is using a telescope with mountains in the background.	A man reaches up.	contradiction
Two guys sitting eating breakfast, one is wearing a green jacket and is holding a piece of food. Two men are sitting down with plates of food and glasses of yellow-colored drink. Two guys are having a lunch of sandwiches and chips. Two men conversing over a meal.	Men sitting on white chairs.	neutral
Two rows of women walking towards each other on the sidewalk outside of a store with a boy 50 % sign on the golden framed windows. Two groups of women walking toward each other, 5 on the left and 4 on the right, in front of a storefront that says "50 %". Women walking down sidewalk and have been shopping. Women walking towards each other holding bags	A group of teens walks down a street.	neutral
An older man is loving on a little boy, but the little's face does not make it look like he is loving it. An older man in a white collared shirt hugs a young boy in a grass yard. A man in a white shirt is kissing a little boy as he holds him. Man holding little boy tightly.	A man does the splits.	contradiction
A lady standing near the counter of a bakery smiling at the camera. A woman is standing in front of a counter at a cafe. A woman in an Italian cafe waits at the counter. A woman waiting at a coffee shop.	Tourist walking.	contradiction
Three friends chat in the backyard during a hot summer day. A man and two women having a conversation on a lawn. Three people, are having a casual conversation. Three person are discussing something.	A man posed up.	neutral
Two young women, one (left) wearing what looks like a tablecloth, and the other (right) wearing what looks like a tiger suit, are sitting down next to each other on gray stone. The girl with the brown hair and green shawl with white polka-dots sat cross-legged on the ground. Girl in green shirt and pink skirt sitting next to girl wearing tiger costume Two girls are sitting on the ground and one is wearing an animal costume.	Women talking on phones while sitting.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt is purchasing an item from an electronic kiosk. A shaggy-haired man is making a selection at a ZoomSystems machine. A boy is checking a system on the computer. A man uses a computer generated machine.	A man stands with his hands on his hips.	contradiction
Dark-haired little girl, with dirty bare feet, sitting in a large bucket eating a treat. A little girl with dirty feet is eating a snack from a cup while sitting in a bin. A summer time snack is being enjoyed by a very cute barefoot young lady. A little girl relaxing in a wash tub, is eating some yogurt.	Boys playing soccer with a boy.	contradiction
Five cyclists, all wearing the same uniforms, are riding one behind the other in a bicycle race. A line of cyclists in identical clothing pedal on a curve in a race as spectators watch. A team of cyclists rounds a bend while nearby spectators cheer and take photographs. Four bicyclists in turquoise and striped tops are riding in a competition.	Rider riding red bike.	neutral
A man with plenty of plumber's crack pounds a rock, for some unknown reason. A shirtless man with a hammer getting ready to hit a rock. A man getting ready to hit a rock with a hammer. Man pounding on rocks with a hammer.	Another man using a straight razor.	contradiction
Two male workers are observing another smiling male worker while he does his job. Two men watching another man in a blue hard hat working. Three construction workers working on something. Men standing around outside.	A man bowing.	contradiction
Woman singing with a microphone next to a person playing guitar. A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar. A woman sings in a club with a guitarist behind her. A band performs in a dimly lit setting.	Several performers dance.	neutral
Youths dance together in a dark room with a British flag prominently displayed on the wall. A dozen people at a house party in a living room decorated with a British flag. People dancing in a room with a British flag hanging on the wall. Several people are dancing and partying together.	Men are hard at work.	contradiction
Person performing a move on a mountain bike with trees and hill behind him. A man on a bike performs a stunt where he jumps for air off of a ramp. A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area. A person on a bicycle jumping over a dirt hill.	A skater doing a jump.	contradiction
A young boy in a blue fleece walk on a path toward a bridge. A boy dressed all in blue waves a flag and skips away. A little boy is walking carrying a little pink flag. A child walking towards a bridge waving a flag.	Small children throwing hay.	contradiction
A young girl in a pink dress is petting a gray goat. A man brushes a goat as a little girl pets the goat. Some people are looking at and petting goats. A man in a white shirt is brushing a goat.	Children studying.	contradiction
A downhill skier races down the snowy hillside as the sun shines above in a clear sky. A skier traveling downhill through mostly untouched snow. A skier is skiing alone in fresh powder on a sunny day. A skier on a slope.	A skier falling.	contradiction
A man in a green outfit writes something on another man's face. One man paints another's face at an outdoor event. Guy paints another guys face at a fair. A man face painting another man.	A team races.	neutral
An overweight woman in a bright yellow shirt holding a paper walking with an overweight male in a burgundy t-shirt and plaid shorts. An overweight man and woman are walking on a street past a Coffee & Tea shop. An overweight couple walk down the street. An overweight couple walking.	A man bathing.	contradiction
Three men in uniforms and hard hats, riding in a boat, in choppy water, had just passed under a roadway. Three construction workers are joking around on a boat, leaving the bridge that they are working on. Three men wearing hard hats and safety gear are on a boat and a bridge is in the background. A group of men in safety suits are on a boat near a bridge.	Some men lean on a fence.	contradiction
Two girls in black dresses are standing next to each other in front of brown trees. Two Asian girls with long bangs covering their eyes Two Asian women dressed in black. Two girls in black dresses.	Two women walk dogs.	contradiction
Man with long brown hair, ball cap and glasses playing a guitar indoors. A man with long hair is playing a guitar. A man with long hair playing a guitar. A man is playing a guitar.	A man plays an instrument in an orchestra.	neutral
A girl in a green dress and pink jacket is running down a dusty path in a grassy park. A little girl holding flowers is walking away down a path on a sunny day. A girl wearing a pink sweater and green dress in walking down a path. A little girl walking down the sidewalk.	A group of Americans walk.	contradiction
A woman in a black dress with white polka dots speaks into the ear of a man in a white and black shirt holding a drink. A woman is speaking into a man's ear at a bar. A woman tries to talk over the noise to a man. A woman talking to a man in a bar.	An older man holding an infant.	contradiction
A group of eight people dressed in athletic apparel are around a picnic table. Outdoors in a park, eight people stand close to a cluttered picnic table. An outdoor picnic with lots of water bottles and barbecue is taking place. A group is having a picnic.	A man sits on a lawn chair.	neutral
A man with brown hair and a blue shirt is holding a baby with its mouth open. A new father is holding his yawning newborn in the hospital. Man holding crying baby in chair near window. A man holding a newborn baby.	A dog yawning.	contradiction
A person wearing jeans and a brown coat is reading and smoking on the sidewalk by a road covered with dirty snow. A woman smokes a cigarette and looks at a magazine in the middle of a snowy road. A person is reading a magazine on a snowing sidewalk. A woman reads on newspaper on a snow covered street.	Some other men stand.	contradiction
Female ballerina doing a pose up on her toes of foot in a large room with a red floor. The young woman in a brown leotard is performing her ballet routine. A dancer wearing an orange suit shows off her dance skills. A ballerina striking a pose in the studio.	A waiter standing.	contradiction
Girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstretched and foot pointed other in background dressed the same. Outdoors, girl in orange dress dancing as other dancers huddle in background. An Irish dancer performs a solo. A woman in tights dances.	Girls taking a picture.	contradiction
An artist is depicted singing into her microphone with her drummer anxiously waiting to play in the background. A woman and man are both playing music, the man is on the drums the woman is singing. A female musician plays a keyboard on stage, while her drummer waits behind his set. A woman singing into a microphone while a man plays drums in the background.	A performer plays his instrument while sitting.	entailment
Three greyhound dogs wearing muzzles round the corner of a racetrack. The greyhound racing dogs are running around a bend in the track. Three greyhounds racing around the corner of a track. There are three dogs racing around a muddy track.	Some dogs jumping.	contradiction
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail. A hiking tour for seniors on a clear day. Hiking group of people in the mountains. Several hikers are hiking along a trail.	A group having a picnic.	contradiction
A lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite. A group of kids, sitting on the floor, in an art museum listening to an older lady. Someone in a museum explaining something to other people, who are sitting down. An old woman is explaining old artifacts in a museum to a class.	A group doing activities.	entailment
Street vendors make sales on the sidewalk while cars pass on the busy city streets beside them. A dark-haired man with a mustache is sitting by a curb near busy traffic. A street vendor with dark hair and glasses, sitting on a folding chair. A man is sitting on a chair on a sidewalk.	Guys drinking.	contradiction
A large group of people are playing the game "twister" in a large room. A small gathering of people in a community center playing Twister. Several people are playing twister at some type of event. People in a convention center playing twister.	A group talking and laughing.	neutral
A man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down. A male mountain biker is captured midair after jumping from a dirt ramp, while another mountain biker looks on. A man is jumping his bike and is in midair over a ramped portion of dirt. This man is doing a trick with his bicycle.	A teen girl jumping.	contradiction
A man dressed in black leather and a cowboy hat is walking around a Renaissance Festival. A man with a sleeveless black vest and a black cowboy hat is talking to another man. A man wearing leather pants, a leather vest and a cowboy hat is standing here. The man is dressed in all black and has a tattoo on his left arm.	A toddler standing.	contradiction
Two white dogs with muzzles are jumping over a small barrier in a race Two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item. Two white dogs wearing muzzles jump over a white board. Muzzled white dogs running.	Some dogs run across the grass.	entailment
A girl in a purple dress smiling as she climbs an indoor rock wall. A young girl climbs a rock wall, in a purple dress. A young girl wears a purple dress. A girl is in a dress.	A man looks up.	contradiction
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides. A young boy with long curly hair walks outside with his arms spread. A young child wearing a green shirt with his arms wide open A youngster playing in the park.	Kids sitting down.	contradiction
Older man with a striped shirt is waiting for someone to buy his flowers. A man in a pink striped shirt is selling flowers out of baskets. A man in a striped pink shirt cells flower petals. An Asian gentlemen is selling flowers at market.	A smiling Asian woman sitting.	contradiction
A chef standing behind a large pan of pepperoni pizza with one-fourths of the pizza missing. A chef taking a slice of pizza out to be sold A pizza chef is concentrating on something. A chef working on a pizza in a pizzeria.	Asian women preparing food.	contradiction
A group is riding bicycles on a gravel road. A bicycle race on a wooded street. Cyclist are riding through a park. Cyclists are riding down a road.	A rider rides on a dirt street.	contradiction
A small male child running through the grass with a smile on his face. A boy wearing black sandals runs along the grass. A smiling boy runs through the grass. A child runs through a field.	A child jumps up.	contradiction
A child in rolled up jeans, a striped shirt, and a helmet frolics in sprinklers. A child in a striped shirt gleefully plays among some water fountains. Person with striped shirt is playing in the sprinklers. A girl playing in a fountain	Two children leaping.	neutral
In pool surrounded by plants, one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl. The girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water. A girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool. One girl throws water on another in a pool.	A girl walking in a field.	contradiction
The newlyweds cutting their wedding cake at the reception with leis around their necks. A married couple cutting a cake while wearing leis. A married couple are cutting a wedding cake. A married couple is cutting a cake.	A woman cutting food.	entailment
A motor-cross cyclist, dressed in full racing gear, is speeding over the top of a sand dune. A BMX motorcyclist dressed in protective gear and helmet, attempting a jump on a sandy dune. A person wearing a black, white, and yellow uniform is doing a jump on a dirt bike. A person performs a stunt with a bike.	A cyclist rides up a hill on a bicycle.	contradiction
A man wearing a white shirt playing badminton on a grass field. A man in a white shirt is playing tennis in a field. A man with a tennis racket in a field. Man playing badminton in a yard	A brown dog jumping into the air.	contradiction
Three men in white safety suits stand in a huddle amid industrial machinery, while a fourth suited-man walks away from them. Four men, dressed in white overall suits that prevent infection, are in a room with mechanical equipments and a ladder. Engineers in full bodysuits and gloves are working around metal machines. The men are wearing white suits to protect themselves.	Workers walk.	contradiction
A tan dog and a black dog are biting each other in the face. Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths. Two dogs bite each other while playing around. A tan dog and a black dog fight.	Dogs chase a dog with a toy.	neutral
Older man with large white beard and sunglasses fills plastic bags. Man with a beard and sunglasses is examining something. A man with plastic containers and plastic bags. An old man is wearing a sun glass.	Man using a screwdriver.	contradiction
The man in a white shirt had a flat tire on the back of his bike, and he was repairing it before he could take off again while his friend waited. A man kneels near a bike wheel while surrounded by other bikes. A man in a white shirt is fixing the tire of a crimson bike. Man with gray hair and a white shirt kneels amid bikes.	Men sit and man stands.	contradiction
A clothed female and male adults crocheting separately from a blue and orange yarn ball while sitting in chairs of wood. A girl in a pink shirt is teaching a young man in a striped sweater how to knit. A woman and man sitting down playing with orange and blue yarn. Man and woman sitting with yarn and knitting needles.	Women are about to kiss each other.	contradiction
A woman happily opened her gift and discovers a KitchenAid blender. An older woman in a blue shirt is smiling at a kitchen appliance. A picture of a woman with a box and a baby sitting behind her. A smiling woman in a blue sweater is opening a package.	A couple laughing.	contradiction
Man wearing sneakers and a gray T-shirt sits on his haunches facing a drum set with electrical cord around him. A man with a gray shirt is rehearsing in front of an empty drum set. A boy sits facing away from the camera in front of a drum set. A man is sitting in front of his drum set performing.	A lady kneeling.	contradiction
A photographer is kneeling in front of a railing that is protects falling into water. A photographer is holding his camera next to an orange barrier beside water. A photographer kneels down next to the edge of a dock with his camera. A smiling photographer	A man holding a bat.	contradiction
A man is leaning over and pulling something out of a bag. A man looking for something in a shopping bag. Someone buying groceries at a grocery store. A man is stooping in front of a billboard.	A man with a bag walks down a street.	neutral
Two workers stretch the canvas of the advertising billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard. Two guys next to a green billboard sign about chicken. Two people in orange shirts hanging a billboard. Two workers installing a new billboard canvas.	A group of people standing.	contradiction
A baby wearing a pink, yellow and green dress with a ruffled collar is laughing. A little girl with curly hair with her mouth open. A toddler in a dress makes a happy face. Young girl in flower dress laughing.	A little boy kisses a child.	contradiction
A highly decorated man leads four beautifully clad women in colorful clothing in what appears to be a religious dance in Thailand. Five dancers with their hands above their heads wearing foreign costumes. Performers are doing a traditional dance. Five dancers perform on stage.	A group speaks.	contradiction
A girl with a uniform standing on a sidewalk with something red and blue in her hand. A female in a sweater vest with a name tag on it is holding a bat. A parking attendant poses near the lot where she works. The girl with the long curly hair is directing cars.	A lady moving.	contradiction
The man, under the canopy, is working on a bicycle while an onlooker watches. A woman with a blue jacket and black pants is under a black and yellow tent Adjustments being performed on a bicycle under a tent. A man is repairing a bicycle while a woman watches.	A guy does a jump.	contradiction
A woman in a blue shirt folding fabric on a table. A young girl making a pattern to design clothes. A woman taking measurements for a sewing project A woman ironing a delicate blue fabric.	A man coming out of the water.	contradiction
Several people are standing around in a wooded area, with an recreational vehicle in clear view, two older men and two children can be seen, including a young, smiling girl. A boy in a blue shirt looks away from the camera as a girl in a pink and orange bathing suit stares into the camera in front of an RV. A little girl in the foreground and an older boy also in the foreground in front of a mobile home with a few adults in the background. A family is enjoying their RV camping experience.	A salesman standing.	contradiction
A man wearing a Facebook lanyard is holding a microphone. A young blond-haired man speaks into a microphone. A man in a white shirt holds a microphone. A man is speaking into a microphone.	Man shaving another man's mustache.	contradiction
A silhouette of a lady looking down with long hair surrounded by yellow, blue, and orange bright lights. A female bartender in a bar is dispensing a beer. A female bartender is filling a glass with beer. A woman works at a bar in front of a neon sign.	Woman having beverage.	contradiction
A woman with her hair pulled back in a long braid is sitting with several other women. A woman with braided hair is sitting at a table full of food and gesturing. Women sit around a table with various figurines and small objects. Dark complected women sitting around a meal table.	A woman has a child.	contradiction
Two men on horses chase down a cow on a sunny day. Two men are on horseback trying to rope a cattle. Two men at a rodeo attempting to rope a calf. Two rodeo riders going after a young steer.	Two men work on a truck.	contradiction
A man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands, a cloudy sky in the background. Excited couple jump as high as they can while they enjoy the view of the mountains. A man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background. A couple jumping in front of a scenic backdrop.	A couple watches.	neutral
A man in a green t-shirt is skateboarding along a graffiti covered wall in front of a blue door. A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall. The boys rides his skateboard up the wall.	A skater performing a trick on a ramp.	contradiction
Two black dogs are running in the grass, one has a green ball in his mouth. A brown dog chases another brown dog who has a green ball. Two brown dogs run through a field. Two brown dogs run together.	Two dogs shake off water.	contradiction
A large group of people are walking towards something, and most of them have backpacks. A place crowded with people coming and going. Various people are walking on a street. A crowd of people together in one area.	A group of people have a race.	neutral
A large group of seated people all looking in the same direction. A large group of people sitting in a room and watching something. There are numerous people sitting in gray chairs. People seated in individual chairs and waiting.	A woman and a child sit and smile.	neutral
Two people in dark jogging suits walk with a group of participants in the Race For The Cure. A couple walks with others for Race for the Cure. People are walking the marathon for a cause. Many people walk to fight breast cancer.	Men wrestling.	contradiction
The Olde English dance troupe exhibits to park goers or festival attendees formal dress fashion, dancing styles and steps that were prevalent in court and formal balls before the 20th century. Reenactment of old fashion waltzing with costumes - three couples A group of people dressed up in historic clothes dancing. A group of dancers getting ready to perform.	A man tries to stop a man.	contradiction
A man wearing no shirt and many large feathers on his head is looking into a shoe store. A man in a native American headdress is walking past a shoe store. A man in native clothing passes by a shoe store. A woman with an attire passing by shoe store.	A man doing a project.	neutral
A woman wearing a tan skirt is standing in front of a very big building. A woman stands outside of a church door alone. Women looking at an arched building. A woman is looking at a building.	A man standing by a machine.	neutral
Players 24, 33, and 57, are dressed in white, blue, and yellow jerseys on the football field. A young boy in a blue, orange, and white football has a look of surprise on his face. A young boy wearing #24 uniform is yelling during a football game. A young boy in a football uniform has an excited look on his face.	Football players playing a game.	entailment
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans holds a microphone while a band performs with him. A guy wearing jeans and a black shirt on stage with a mic singing a song. A man in a black T-shirt sings while his band plays. A man in black shirt singing into microphone.	A man playing an acoustic guitar.	neutral
A group of older individuals crowd around a table which has an individual in yellow behind it. A group of people ordering sweets at a fair in the evening. Shoppers look over the glass in a glass blowing facility. A small sweets vendor sells under a tent at night.	A lady talking.	neutral
A number of people standing and laying under a mountain covered in snow. Sledding and skiing enthusiasts gather at a snowy rock formation. A bunch of people are standing or sitting in a snow valley. Some people hanging out in the snow.	Individuals gathered.	entailment
A couple of people in white sit in a subway car going through a bright orange station. The woman is walking next to a subway with shopping bags in hand. A woman with shopping bags is walking by a subway. A woman is walking beside a subway.	A man plays a guitar while another man sits.	contradiction
Three males standing on the ledge of a mountain with binoculars in had and their dog by their side Three men are standing with a dog on a rock overlooking a mountainous scene. Three men and a dog on a hike are looking at the mountain view. Three guys and a dog looking toward a mountain.	A woman standing in a courtyard does exercises.	contradiction
A crowd gathers to watch two men performing a Brazilian dance. Martial artists perform in front of a crowd outdoors. A man dressed all in white, is twisting in midair. A group watching two men in white shirts perform.	A guy on his bike does a jump.	contradiction
Three men are working on some kind of equipment, but I 'm not sure whether it's a ship or an oil rig. One construction worker hands another some sort of machinery while climbing a ladder. Workers are wearing life jacket and working at the seashore. Two guys working together fixing something.	Nurses standing.	contradiction
Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation. Two police officers in bright yellow uniforms are standing and talking to one another. Two police officers in yellow jackets stand on a city street. Two English police officers talking and laughing.	A rider talking.	neutral
Three young men and one young lady are protesting about the exploitation of young workers. Four people are holding signs of protest while cars pass behind them. Four people are protesting the treatment of young workers by Equinox. Four young Protesters, different colored signs, out Protesting.	Teens standing.	neutral
A man is wearing a black knit "Paris" hat and a navy blue shirt on the side of the street. A young man wearing a knit cap with the word PARIS on it and a blue jacket on the street. A man wearing black jacket poses with a smile. A man in a winter hat is smiling.	A man in a shop standing.	contradiction
A motorcycle is being driven by someone wearing red clothes and a helmet. Someone on a white motorcycle wearing black and red driving down a road. A person wearing red and black leathers riding a motorcycle. A motorcyclist speeds down the road.	A man riding an animal in competitions.	contradiction
A musician with a guitar on stage in front of a microphone gesturing to the crowd with the drummer in the background. The man is talking into the microphone while playing the guitar. A man with black hair and a guitar waves while on stage. A man with a guitar is waving.	Man standing on a truck.	contradiction
Large bridge-like structure built on a road between tall buildings within the city. People walk across the street under a bridge. People using crosswalk on big city street. The bottom view of a bridge.	A man walking through the water.	contradiction
A blond woman kneeling on a blue tarp looking at artwork. A woman displays her artwork on the side of a street. A woman in a dress and Capris lays out photos A woman on knees looking at paintings.	A woman and child sitting on a bench.	contradiction
The three cats, two white with calico accents and a gray tabby, are laying in the brown grass. The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass. A group of cats sit in the grass. A cat sits alone in dry grass.	A girl runs down the street with a toy.	contradiction
The two horses and man trudge through the snow on a wintry day. Two brown horses pull a sleigh through a snowy field. Two brown horses pulling a sleigh through the snow. A horse led coach, mushes through the snow.	A man has an animal.	entailment
Eight adults are gathered around a table laden with food and drinks outside. Getting together with family and friends. A group of people eating outdoors. A group of people having dinner.	A girl hugging a woman.	neutral
A group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums. Three people are playing in a band. Three men play musical instruments. One man is playing the drums.	A band singing on stage.	entailment
Two people walk on a path as the sun casts a shadow towards the camera. Two people backlit with light sky. A couple walking on a dirt road. Two people walk at sunset.	Man walking on a bridge.	contradiction
Man in long-sleeved t-shirt sitting at a kitchen table eating from a paper plate. A guy looking at the camera in a weird way while sitting at the dinner table. Young sitting male in t-shirt stares into camera as he eats. A man suspiciously eyes the camera while eating.	Men walking down.	contradiction
A young boy, wearing an orange shirt, is standing outside, while a man in a green shirt pours mulch from a bag. A young child wearing an orange shirt is standing in a garden while an adult is pouring mulch from a bag. A youngster plays in the yard while his dad does lawn work. A child in an orange shirt standing on mulch.	An African child smiling.	neutral
Two men fly fishing while standing in a river. Two men are fly-fishing in a low murky pond. Two men are fishing in a river. Two people are fishing in a pond	A man stands in front of books.	contradiction
A harried young woman walking out of a cafe in a purple coat and tall black boots. A woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe. A woman in a purple coat walk past men sitting at a table. Elderly men visit at a pizza shop.	A man is about to kiss.	contradiction
A white and black dog and a brown dog in sandy terrain. Two large dogs chasing each other at the beach. One dog is chasing another one on the beach. A woolly dog chases a Doberman on a beach.	A bull runs from a dog.	contradiction
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool. The little white and brown dog is swimming in a pool. The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool. A dog is swimming in an above ground pool.	A dog emerges from water.	neutral
A group of men are passing time sitting on the ledges of a building. The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another. Men sitting on the side of a brick road. Several men are sitting on a sidewalk.	A family relaxing.	contradiction
A motor-cross cyclist, dressed in full racing gear, is speeding over the top of a sand dune. A BMX motorcyclist dressed in protective gear and helmet, attempting a jump on a sandy dune. A person wearing a black, white, and yellow uniform is doing a jump on a dirt bike. A person performs a stunt with a bike.	A rider riding a bicycle on a street.	contradiction
A golden retriever runs through grass carrying a dog toy. A brown dog carries a multiple colored toy in the grass. The dog is running with his toy in his mouth. A dog with a toy runs through the grass.	A dog rolls on its back.	contradiction
A female police officer, wearing an officer's hat and sunglasses, stands in uniform in front of a window-lined street block. A female police officer in a cap and navy uniform smiles while wearing sunglasses outside of a shop. Young, smiling, blond female police officer from New York standing outside on a sidewalk. An attractive young New York City policewoman pauses on the sidewalk.	A woman and a man smiling.	contradiction
A woman in a yellow shirt is dancing barefoot on a shiny surface in front of forestry. One lady calmly doing some form of relaxation exercise outdoors. A woman dancing on a stage in the middle of the wilderness. A barefoot woman poses in front of a sylvan background.	Some men posing.	contradiction
A brunette with curly hair is standing by a mural between a bike and a motorcycle and talking on a cellphone. A lady wearing a black shirt talking on her cellphone while walking down a road. A woman on a cellphone walks past some motorbikes and bicycles. Women on phone with graffiti mural in the background.	A woman playing along.	contradiction
Two men in blue shirts are talking to each other while four children walk past. Excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot. Two men are talking as four kids run by. A bunch of kids having fun and laughing.	A group of children playing in a fountain.	contradiction
A young girls wearing a red coat chasing birds through a walkway in a park. In a park a kid is chasing pigeons and two men are walking A child is running towards a group of pigeons. A child in a red jacket chases pigeons.	A little girl playing with a dollhouse.	contradiction
Two girls in bathing suits are standing in the water facing each other. Two girls wearing bikinis are standing in the lake. Two young girls in a lake talking to each other. Two girls play in the beach.	Children stand on one foot.	neutral
A guy on a BMX bike is in midair over a dirt road in a forest after having gone off of a jump. A man jumping his bicycle off dirt mounds is several feet in the air. Bicycle sportsman leaps bike in the air on a camping trail. A man doing a trick on a bicycle in a wooded area.	A man turning.	entailment
A bearded middle-aged man is dressed in a costume with a three-cornered hat and long shirt while holding a rifle across his arm. Here is a picture of a man dressed in clothing form the 1800's and looks a lot like George Washington. A bearded man dressed as an old-time soldier, complete with old time weapons. A man dressed in civil war era clothing holds a musket.	A pitcher standing.	contradiction
The male rock climber takes a look over his shoulder at the view of the lake and city. A man rock climbs with a city and body of water in the background. A rock climber pauses to look out over the ocean. The man has just finished hiking up a rock	Some men and woman standing.	contradiction
A woman who looks serious and aloof and a man wearing a strange balloon hat are crossing the street at a crosswalk. A man with a balloon hat and a woman wearing an orange printed shawl are crossing the street. A man in khaki pants and a woman in a skirt cross a street. A man wearing a balloon hat is crossing a street.	A man texting.	contradiction
A man in glasses and his redheaded son in pajamas are playing with a train set. A young boy wearing pajamas and older male are playing with a toy train set. Man and a child in gray pajamas playing with a model car track. Older gentleman and a young boy playing with a train set.	A man fell.	contradiction
A female soccer player is lying on the field with a painful expression on her face. A female soccer player who was injured during the game. A young girl sits in the fetal position in pain. A woman is lying down in the grass.	A woman jumping up.	contradiction
Two Asian cheerleaders are facing forward waving silver pompoms, whilst other cheerleaders are performing facing the other way. Two girls dressed in light brown wearing black neckties hold foil pompoms while doing a routine with others. Two Asian cheerleaders are holding out silver pompoms. Two Asian girls cheerleading for a sporting event	Cheerleader standing.	entailment
An Asian couple posing for a picture in a restaurant. The couple is out to eat and having a good time. An Asian couple having something to eat. An Asian couple enjoy a sushi dinner	Boys smiling.	neutral
Naked children play in the water on the back of a water buffalo. Four little naked boys playing with an ox in dirty water. A few young ethnic boys play with an animal in a river. Children playing on an Ox in the water.	A boy stands on a street corner.	contradiction
Several people are watching others play inside an inflatable moon bounce carnival attraction. A mother and child holding hands in front of a children's bounce gym. A mother holds her daughter's hand while looking at toys. A mother and daughter standing outside an inflatable gym.	A cat stands.	contradiction
A flight attendant on an International flight is pouring a warm beverage for a passenger. A woman, in a tan outfit, serving a beverage to a man in a striped shirt. A man waits to get a drink from a flight attendant. An airline attendant pours a drink for a man.	Woman reads a piece.	contradiction
A lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another. A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside. People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope. A man doing tricks in the snow.	Someone leaps.	entailment
A bride and groom look on smiling at a man with long, curly black hair who is playing a guitar; an older man and woman look on in the background. A curly-haired man plays guitar at a ceremony while people look on. A bride and groom watching a guitarist, as he plays for the crowd. A man is playing on his guitar while a bride and groom look on.	A man rehearsing.	neutral
Man with guitar holding a microphone in one hand and extending his other arm. A man with a guitar grabs a microphone while bathed in dark orange light. A man with a guitar is holding a microphone to his lips. A man with a guitar is speaking into a microphone.	A man grinds on a rail.	contradiction
Two young men and a woman play guitars and a drum in a dimly-lit room. Two men with guitars and a woman are performing a song live. A man in a black shirt is holding a guitar. A band plays in a windowless venue.	Two men stand together.	entailment
Two men apply plaster to the outside of a building. Two men are putting plaster on a building. Two men working on a scaffold. People overlooking water.	A man paints a picture on a street.	contradiction
Cyclist participating in an organized event cross a large suspension bridge and two women riders have stopped to pose for a picture. A big group of bicyclist are riding around on a large bridge. Women posing for a picture during a bicycle race on a bridge. There are many participants in this bike race.	A climber posing.	contradiction
A person sits with their back to a column while another person sits on nearby steps leading down. Someone wearing black shoes and a black jacket lies down at the top of the stairs. Someone sits behind a wall at the top of a set of wooden or cement steps. Two men sitting on the steps and one man sleeping behind them.	A man lays his head.	entailment
A young girl wearing yellow with her face painted waves a flag outside while observers lean on a railing outside. A little girl with her face painted in camouflage at an event. People waiting in a line standing behind a gate. Cheering for a very famous person	A child plays while a child watches.	neutral
Adorable blond-haired little girl posing for her Daddy while he takes her picture. A girl in a red jacket laughs at the camera. A blond girl opens her mouth. A girl in a red jacket laughs at the camera.	Some boys watch.	contradiction
A woman takes her ticket at the deli, while a man in the background makes his order. A woman in a white tank top and sunglasses on her head is touching something. A woman in a white sleeveless t-shirt is ordering food at a bakery. Woman opening her purse in a Canadian bakery.	A woman hunched over.	neutral
An old man unwrapping a present covered in newspaper, while a toddler plays with the scraps. Elderly man opening up a gift in a living room setting with a younger relative nearby. Mature male with a gift in his lap while a young child opens another gift. A man unwrapping a box with a boy standing beside him.	Another man sitting by a computer.	contradiction
Children walking hand in hand while participating in a festive and costumed town event. A female child walking, holding the hands of two male children. Children in festive attire walking with others on a street. People in quaint customs walk along a road.	Kids laugh.	neutral
A bride throwing her bouquet up in the air behind her, towards a group of ladies. A new bride dressed in white throws a bouquet to waiting females behind her. A bride throws her flowers over her head to a waiting crowd. A bride tossing her bouquet to a group of women.	A partner standing.	contradiction
A young baby with food on her face in a purple shirt and both fingers up her nose A baby with food smeared on its face and two fingers up its nose. A baby with two fingers up its nose, covered in chocolate pudding A baby with its fingers up its nose.	A balding man sitting on a chair.	contradiction
Grownups and small children are walking down a road lined with trees. Two children move along a gravel path surrounded by trees. Two children play on the path in a park. Two kids walking in an outdoor area.	Skaters walking.	contradiction
A girl on the beach jumping from a boulder onto the sand with one hand in the air. A girl wearing a white shirt and blue jeans jumping off a rock into the sand. A child enjoys their time on the beach with a leap from a rock onto the sand. A person wearing a white shirt and black pans is jumping of a riff.	A woman racing.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt walking in a subway tunnel with advertisements. A man walking along the platform at a subway station. A man walks by a building at night. The marquee of movies now playing.	A man sitting.	contradiction
With the night sky in the background, an extreme snowboarder launches himself, off four wooden pallets that have been turned into a ramp, into the air. A person attempting a stunt using a snowboard and some wooden pallets while it is dark outside with snow on the ground. A young man snowboarding at night is midair doing a trick off a homemade ski jump. A snowboarder is jumping off a snow-covered ramp made from pallets.	A man riding a horse chasing after a cow.	contradiction
A photograph taken at night of a street scene and a man looking in the street This is a night view of a city street with people and traffic. A man looks across a city street at night. A man sits in the city at night.	Sailor standing.	neutral
A class with many children sitting down listening to the teacher who is wearing a black shirt and blue jeans. Children are sitting at a long brown table in front of a bulletin board. Children being supervised in a learning environment by three adults. Children sitting in a classroom.	A child waiting.	neutral
Children, some being helped by adults, are playing bongo drums while sitting on chairs in the grass. Parents get involved in the outdoor musical festivities by helping children play hand drums. Three women and three children play bongo drums in the midst of a group of people. There is a crowd of mothers and children taking drumming lessons.	Men in a room playing instruments.	contradiction
Long-haired people dressed in skirts and head pieces have their backs turned while another man in the same outfit is squatting. Four Polynesian dancers dancing in traditional garb 3 facing away and one facing towards. Native Americans in decorative dress appear to be celebrating for a cause. Two girls and one guy dancing with red costumes on.	A man having a drink.	contradiction
Crowds of people observing a marathon, the London Eye is in the background. A large crowd of people lined up along a roadway watching a race. Excited bystanders in London cheer for the road runner. A crowd watches a race on a rainy day.	A woman jogging down a street.	neutral
A man wearing a hat and holding a gun is kneeling in a field next to a brown dog. A man holding a rifle and dressed in camouflage with his dog in a field. A man holding a rifle next to his brown dog. A man with a rifle is posing with his dog.	Some men having a conversation.	contradiction
A musician is playing his guitar, and his blond hair is hiding his face, and he has tattoos on his arm. A person with long auburn hair and a cat tattoo is playing a red electric guitar A person with long blond hair is playing a red electric guitar. A long-haired person is playing an electric guitar.	A man rollerblading.	contradiction
A little girl in a purple plaid dress lays on the floor and cries with her toy beside her. A young girl in a purple dress throws a tantrum. A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum. A girl in a purple dress crying on the floor.	Some children eating.	contradiction
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach. The large gray colored dog is jumping on the beach. A gray colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach. A gray dog plays in the sand at the ocean.	A dog biting.	neutral
A man is wearing a towel around his waist and holding a piece of cloth to his chest. A shirtless man is bathing himself next to a blue trashcan. A man is taking bath in his work area. A man standing near a stick structure.	A child playing with a pig.	contradiction
A young man with a mohawk and a black Dio shirt wearing a backpack looks at his phone. A blond man with a mohawk in a rock t-shirt playing with his cellphone. A man with a large mohawk and DIO shirt manipulates a cellphone. The kid with tall mo hawk stops to text someone.	Boys walk through a plaza.	contradiction
A man in a red hat and a woman in a black dress are sitting outside a building on the street. A man wearing dark sunglasses and a hat sits next to a woman with a black hat. A young couple sits on the sidewalk and relaxes together. A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.	A woman running on a treadmill.	contradiction
Inside a vehicle, a blond woman with a single-lens reflex (SLR) camera is gesturing at someone (not visible) behind her seat. A female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat. A picture of a young person who is trying to take a picture herself. A girl taking a picture of another person taking a picture.	A man cutting a cake.	contradiction
Two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base. One baseball player running toward a base with another waiting on the base These two people are in baseball uniforms, making a play at base. Two people playing baseball.	Man trying to score.	entailment
Two boys watch are watching their own bowling balls roll down their respective lanes, towards the pins at the end of the alley. Two boys release a bowling balls down their respective lanes. Two young boys are bowling with bumper guards. Two boys throw bowling balls down lane.	A child checking.	neutral
A girl in black sitting on the floor in a dorm doing classwork, and a girl in a red shirt doing work on the computer. Two college girls are in their dorm looking bored while studying. In this picture, there are two college girls studying. Two white girls studying in a dorm room.	Two little boys sitting.	contradiction
A group of men are crowded into a doorway at night, standing underneath and R and B Festival sign. There are ten people inside an open room listening to someone playing the guitar. A group of passengers socializing while waiting at a bus stop. Crowd gathers at a local bar.	Men sit talking.	neutral
A crowd of young people lounge and amble over a large green field against a background of sky and trees. A view of large field ringed by trees, with a large group of people milling about on the field. Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass. The people are very crowded in the plaza.	A crowd looking on.	neutral
A technician in a clean suit examines a gray, square piece of metal with a central item. This individual in a white lab suit is studying some sort of translucent scan. A scientist looking at an instrument in a laboratory. A researcher is looking at a sample.	A worker searches.	entailment
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans holds a microphone while a band performs with him. A guy wearing jeans and a black shirt on stage with a mic singing a song. A man in a black T-shirt sings while his band plays. A man in black shirt singing into microphone.	A performer singing and playing guitar.	neutral
A man wearing a backpack, a dark hat and a dark sweatshirt is standing in a rocky terrain with a little girl wearing a purple shirt and pants. A man an little girl hiking and looking at the different plant growth along the way. A man in a blue shirt and a young girl in a purple shirt in an arid, rocky area. A man and a child are standing outside.	A man bicycling.	contradiction
A bare-chested man launches his skateboard off a ramp. Teen does trick on skateboard while riding the rail. A skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on. A skateboarder grinds the rail.	A skateboarder dropping into a half pipe.	neutral
A dog with a muzzle in the grass and sunlight. A gray dog wearing a muzzle runs over grass. A gray dog with a muzzle running. A dog runs through the grass.	A dog fighting with a brown dog.	contradiction
Two women wearing colorful skirts and t-shirts are dancing in a dirt clearing in the center of a circle of other women, who are clapping. Two African women wearing purple and lime green skirts are dancing in within a circle of clapping women in similar ensembles. Black women in bright skirts and tops are dancing. Spectators are watching two women dance.	A woman doing a cartwheel.	neutral
Woman in a pink hat walking with a man in a gray sweater. An Asian couple walks in the shopping district. A woman in a pink hat strolls along sidewalk. Several people are walking around outside.	A pedestrian walking down a street.	entailment
Two men are crafting items in a workshop with tools. Two men working in a small factory. Two men are working in a shop. Two men are busy working.	A man in a bull ring.	contradiction
People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park. People are dressed in blue costumes on the street. A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating. A festival is going on in the streets.	A man walks down a street with his woman.	neutral
A woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children. Two adults help pass out cake to children in a classroom. A group of young kids eating together. A group of people eating.	An Asian girl sitting.	neutral
A young boy with a red short-sleeved shirt and jeans runs by some trees. A boy wearing a red t-shirt is running through woodland. A young boy is dancing around. A child runs near some trees.	A boy kissing a girl.	contradiction
There is a shirtless man leaning against a wall and a woman in a red shirt with her back to him. A man with his shirt off sweats profusely as he takes a break by a wall. Two people stand against a wall after a workout. A man and a woman resting after exercise.	A man hands out fliers.	contradiction
Two men on a yellow and green mat are competing in a sporting event where they have to fight and people are watching. Two men spar against each other in a martial arts match with one man wearing blue and the other, white. Two men, one in a blue uniform and one in a white uniform, wrestling on a light blue mat. Two men performing wrestling moves on cushion canvas	Wife watches.	neutral
There are two men riding bicycles outside in the snow covered countryside. Two men on bicycles on the side of a snowpacked road in the country The two men and their bikes are on the side of a snowy road. Two men stop on a snow-covered hill with their bicycles.	Parents take a break.	contradiction
Three people sit on the edge of a marble pool filled with green water. Two young men are seated in front of a green pool of water. People are sitting on the edge of a large reflecting pond. Two men sitting on the edge of a pool of water.	A vendor sits.	neutral
Two hikers carrying backpacks are standing in front of a path patiently looking over at something and waiting patiently. There are two young people with backpacks on and then are standing next to a hiking trail. Two men with backpacks hiking up a trail. Two hikers standing at a trail head.	Hikers climbing.	contradiction
A gentleman dressed in jeans and a red shirt is holding the newspaper with a camera slung over his shoulder. A man with a red shirt and glasses holding a newspaper in a building. A man is carrying a stack of publications. A man in a red shirt is holding magazines.	A man sitting on a fence.	contradiction
Two men, carrying guitars, are walking along a beach. Two guitar players make their way back from the beach. Two men with guitars are walking away from the beach. Two men walking the beach with guitar in hand.	A man playing saxophone.	contradiction
A young child in a blue shirt and green overalls laughs with their arms up in the air, the table catching their reflection. A little boy in green overalls throws up his hands in from behind the shiny restaurant table. A young child wearing green overalls and a blue shirt lifts his arms as he smiles. A smiling child sitting in a restaurant at the table.	Businessmen sitting.	contradiction
A bunch of kids swing together in a large swing shaped like a basket. Five children are playing on a large round swinging net. A group of kids are playing on a tire swing. Five children are rocking in a round swing.	A boy winds up for a pitch.	contradiction
Two men face each other in front of a small table, one of whom is wearing a hat while holding a chicken. Two men one in shorts and a button-up shirt, and the other in a blue collared shirt, talking. Two older males talking whilst one holds a chicken. Two men are talking while one is holding a chicken.	Firefighters standing.	contradiction
A boy in t-shirt, jeans and knit cap jumps up with his skating board, arms flung out. A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park. A skateboarder is airborne in a city green space. A boy in a white t-shirt does skateboard tricks.	Performer doing a trick.	neutral
A man is holding a saxophone in a public place as a woman and a child walk by in the background. A man in a collared shirt playing the trumpet on a street corner. A man playing the saxophone on the street maybe wanting money. A man playing saxophone on the street.	A man on board a boat.	contradiction
A man in black pants and a black tee is sitting on a bench in front of a truck. Bald man in black clothes sits on a bench in front of a large truck. A man in dark clothing sits on a bench in front of a truck. A bald man is sitting on a bench in front of a red truck.	A man curls up.	contradiction
A woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people. A woman sitting down with her hand propped under her chin A woman wearing glasses sits and looks to the right. A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings.	Women be dancing.	contradiction
A crowd of people watching a tightly packed parade move down a modern city street. A crowd of people filling the streets as during a festival. A massive crown await in the middle of the city. A crowd of people in a city neighborhood.	A group smoking.	contradiction
A woman is wearing a white dress in a store that has some decals on the outside, and is in the middle of two other stores, one that says welcome, and one that's called Largo. A little girl with a white dress is standing under the doorway of a store. A storefront with poor artist rendition of street art. A girl is standing in a store next to other stores.	Women wrestle.	contradiction
A man holding several coats and three children stand in front of a large painting of a mountain landscape. A man and four children look out a window towards a large mountain in the distance. A father with three children look at a painting of a wooded mountain scene. A man with three younger children look at a large painting.	Men have computers.	contradiction
Two women on a grassy hill lit by the sun; one looks at a dachshund, the other looks to the side. Two blond ladies wearing sunglasses lounge on the grass with a dachshund. Two blond young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog. Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.	Some women listening.	neutral
Two firefighters walking back to their firetruck while carrying branches in their hands. Two firefighters are walking towards the firetruck. Two firemen walk towards a firetruck. Two fireman walk next to a firetruck.	A man shaved by another man.	contradiction
A wall half covered in ivy along with an older two story house line a wet road, the only person on the road is a black wearing a red tank top, black shorts, and light blue sneakers, he's running a race and sports the number 5003. A man with the number 5003 runs along a street during a race with a house and moss-covered wall in the background. A black man runs a race over a wet street. There is a man jogging on a road.	Some runners racing.	contradiction
Two Asian women and an Asian girl are sitting at a farmers market and are selling produce including yams. The Asian girl behind the fruit stand is having a surprised look to a camera. The woman with the hat is selling some fruits and root crops. Surprised girl at a fruit stand.	A woman bicycling.	contradiction
A gentleman in a black shirt and cap sits under a wavy wooden roof in an outdoor cafeteria setting. A market where people can try a diversity of foods from all around the world. An older man in a cap is sitting under a tent looking to the right. Several people are gathered to buy things from a small market.	A child eats.	contradiction
A large stick filled with cotton candy to sell leans up against a wall. Two people are sitting on a wall near a large display of cotton candy. Two people are sitting with their backs facing cotton candy. A person looking at the reflection of the moon.	Couples doing a dance.	contradiction
A large group of choir members wearing red plaid are standing in a church before a seated group of people watching. A choir in festive red stand facing the congregation of a church with a high, cavernous, arching ceiling. A church choir is performing a Christmas carol while a projector in the background displays the lyrics. A group of men and women wearing red coat and singing carols in a church for Christmas, 2011.	Lead musician sings a song.	neutral
A man in a striped shirt standing in front of a projection screen leans over a desk and touches the keyboard on a laptop. A young man in a polo shirt prepares his laptop for a presentation. A man in an office is checking information on his laptop. A young man in a stripe shirt is working on a laptop.	A woman typing on her laptop.	contradiction
A blond girl looks through a telescope while another girl wearing glasses looks at her. A girl in a gray YMCA sweater looking through a telescope. A girl looking through a large telescope on a school trip. A female with blond hair is looking through a telescope.	Some children sliding.	contradiction
A young girl wearing a red shirt with her right arm raised and left arm has a softball glove. Three young people in red shirts with Triple Threat Sports inscribed are at a ballgame. A young girl in a softball shirt waves and smiles. A young girl waving to someone off-camera.	A child carries a child on her back.	contradiction
A woman stands in front of a pizzeria while traffic buzzes by her. A woman stands on an urban sidewalk holding a beige handbag. Traffic is zooming past the woman wearing a yellow jersey. A female in a green shirt standing while traffic passes.	Friends stand.	contradiction
Two teenage boys in black swim trunks play on a trampoline. Two wet boys in swim trunks are sitting on a trampoline Young laughing boys on a wet vinyl mat. Two boys are playing on a trampoline.	A child plays in a bounce house.	entailment
A group of African children are dressed in colorful clothes. A group of aboriginal girls is wearing bright colors. A group of children in African clothing. A group of	Boys racing against each other.	neutral
A woman and a young girl are sitting at a table in a restaurant. A young girl smiles for the camera while at the dinner table. A little girl in a striped shirt smiles at a restaurant. A lady and young girl sit at a restaurant together.	A woman makes faces at a child.	neutral
The woman is training a white dog to zigzag through metal poles. A dog goes through an obstacle course while a person looks on. A dog is going through a slalom style obstacle course. A dog plays with a man by running around poles.	Some monks walk.	contradiction
People on a sidewalk looking into shop windows while other people just keep walking. Several people are window shopping from the sidewalk. An old street with some people window-shopping. People on a city street window shopping.	Some kids walking.	neutral
Two dogs run in the shallow water at the beach. Two dogs run through shallow water in a bay. Two dogs running in water by a beach. Two dogs running in shallow water.	A black dog and a dog fighting.	neutral
A nice light show displays a rock singer. A woman is bathed in red light on stage. A band is performing on stage. Singer at a Concert dancing.	A woman standing on a tree branch.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt with a pattern on the left shoulder listens to another man holding a drink. Two men having a conversation in a dark bar. Two men wearing black shirt talking in a bar A few people at a bar.	A girl running down a gravel street.	contradiction
A man is pointing with his whole hand at a large projection of how folic acid helps neurulation. A teacher teaching about folic acid and how it helps neurulation. A professor explaining a University level lecture. A man teaching a class about folic acid	A man falling over.	contradiction
Several people stand on stage with their arms held up in the air. Four singers perform on stage with backup dancers. A group of people on stage singing in concert. Singers performing to the crowd.	A motorcyclist standing.	neutral
A child is walking through wet sand wearing a blue shirt. The child in the blue shirt is running through the sand. A little kid wearing a hat is walking in the wet sand. A boy wearing a white hat is running on the beach.	A small boy poses.	neutral
A chef taking a slice of pizza out to be sold A pizza chef is concentrating on something. A chef working on a pizza in a pizzeria. A chef is preparing pizza.	A policeman standing.	contradiction
Two dogs play and appear to be hugging in the snow. Two dogs wrestle in the snow in a fenced-in area. The dogs play in the snow on hind legs. Two dogs playing in snow.	A dog touches noses with another dog.	neutral
Two men are sitting on a wooden bench sleeping on each other. Two people, sitting on a park bench, taking a nap. Two men on a park bench holding hands taking a nap. Two men sit on a street bench together.	Men helping each other out.	contradiction
A biker holds onto their bike while in the air with a mountain in the background. A person jumps high in the air holding onto their bicycle. A person in the air holding on to a bicycle. A cyclist jumping into the air	A dog flies.	contradiction
It is a heavyset guy with a shopping cart filled with bags sitting on a bench. A fat man is sitting on a bench with his shopping cart next to him. A fat man sits on an outdoor bench with a grocery cart behind him. A big man sleeping in the chair	Man cuddling.	neutral
A blond woman in a red t-shirt and a blur wristband sings into a microphone against a green background. A blond woman in a red dress takes the microphone against a background of green. A blond woman wearing a red shirt and a wristband, at a microphone. A woman in red is holding a microphone in front of a green background.	Two women standing by cars.	contradiction
Two young boys attempting to climb over some large boulders. Two young boys climb up some large boulders. Two men in blue shirts climbing on rocks. Two young boys playing on the rocks.	A child carries a child on her back.	contradiction
A child is on a Radio Flyre tricycle as a young man crouches by her. A father is teaching his son how to ride his first bike. A man is helping a young boy learn to ride his tricycle. A father is playing with his boy	Some children walking.	contradiction
Two black dogs fight with each other, with their teeth bared, in a plush carpeted room. Two black dogs are bearing their teeth beside a white couch. Two black dogs are fighting in front of a tan sofa. Two black dogs play or fight together.	A dog eating.	contradiction
An infant girl in pigtails, wearing a red shirt and pink shoes, is sitting in a swing seat at a park. Young girl with her tongue out, ponytails, and pink crocks midair on a swing. A blond girl in a swing wearing Crocs. A little girls is on a swing outside.	A child dumps water on another child.	neutral
Two little girls are hanging upside down on a climbing frame. Two girls hanging upside down on a park structure. Two girls hang upside down at a park Two girls play on a jungle gym.	A child reaches out.	neutral
Multiple people running a marathon, runner 721 and 5132 are the leaders. Large group of people running in a race sponsored by Adidas. A group of people are running along the street. A group of runners competing in a summer event.	A man standing bent over.	contradiction
This woman in touching her hair while standing in front of some red and white background. A lady in white shirt is holding something in her hand and turning around. A dark-skinned man in front of a vibrant red, black and white background. A woman wearing a ponytail standing in front of a red wall.	Bikers taking a break.	contradiction
People watching a guy in a black and green baseball cap skateboarding. A man does skateboard tricks off a ramp while others watch. A skateboarder doing a trick off a quarter pipe. A skateboarder does a trick for an audience.	Boys rowing.	contradiction
A novice gymnast shows her acrobatic talent by leaping from a bar stool. A woman in a green dress jumps off a chair in the middle of a field. A girl in a green print dress is jumping over a chair in a field. Female jumping off a bar stool in the middle of a field.	An animal eating.	contradiction
Two motorists are riding along on their vehicle that is oddly designed and colored. A man in street racer armor is examining the tire of another racer's motorbike. Two people are in a small race car driving by a green hill. Two people in racing uniforms in a street car.	Drivers driving.	entailment
At a campsite, people are enjoying each others company before what looks like hiking. A group of people gathering around picnic tables in a park lined with trees. Many people are congregating amongst picnic tables and trees. A large gathering of people talk around picnic tables.	A group of performers performs for a group.	contradiction
A brunette baby wearing a red and gray striped shirt, jeans, and a bib with fruit characters on it is sitting on a decorative blanket. Small boy with blue eyes wearing a white and red, orange and yellow bib A baby is sitting down with his mouth open. A young toddler drooling in a picture.	Children make faces at the camera.	entailment
A woman with dark curly hair wearing a green and yellow scarf and a dark jacket. A woman with curly hair and a green and yellow scarf looks down. A woman is standing and wearing a green and yellow scarf. A young woman bundled up in her winter gear.	A coach standing.	neutral
The silhouettes of a man on the left, a woman with arms up in the middle, and woman on the right. Three people are in a dimly lit room with gold walls decorated with red ovals and black lettering. A band playing in a dark indoor area. Live band at underground cabana	A band sitting.	neutral
A baby smiles while sitting next to a holiday display. A blond-haired kid in a red shirt riding a ride. A little girl sits in Santa's sleigh. A young child is enjoying a ride.	A little blond child running.	contradiction
Brunette female wearing yellow bikini top, has large tattoo inked across her lower back, and a blue towel draped across her right shoulder. Backside of woman with tattoos wearing an orange bikini top and black and white shorts. A woman in a bikini top that has a tattoo on her back is looking to her left. A brunette woman has a large tattoo on her back.	A group of men and women walk down a street.	contradiction
A man in formal attire is standing behind what seems to be a counter. Gentlemen wearing a white shirt and black vest sitting at a desk. An organ player is seated and playing inside of a regal church. A young man plays an organ in a church.	A man with glasses poses.	neutral
A man in a green shirt and a cowboy hat is wrangling a bull as the audience looks on. A man in green is on top of an animal while spectators watch at a rodeo. A rodeo competition where the contest is roping calves. A man in a green shirt roping a calf in a rodeo arena.	A bug sitting.	contradiction
A man is setting up a camera to take shots of something that can't be seen near a ZCHTV wall. Three people stand outside one has a camera on a tripod. A man shoots footage with a camera as two women look on. A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A groom stands.	contradiction
There are two market employees working at a farmer's market amongst the fruits and vegetables. Piles of fruits and vegetables are displayed with their prices on hand made signs. Fruit and Vegetable stand nicely arranged with two men in the back. A fruit and vegetable stand with two men in back of it.	A little boy at a fountain.	contradiction
Two men, one in orange raincoat and hard hat and holding a yellow pole, other man in jeans and t-shirt, both looking at caution cone. A man in an orange raincoat is discussing something with another man wearing work clothes near a sewer manhole. A city worker places a street cone device which is verified by his colleague. Two men outside one working with a pole in hand.	Tattooed man stands.	contradiction
A little girl wearing a brown jacket is looking at bubbles. A little girl, wearing a coat, on pavement bricks. A little girl is playing with bubbles. A little girl is playing with bubbles.	A kid stands on a rock.	neutral
The woman is wearing a yellow coat and is walking down a city block that seems upset. An older woman walking with a look of distress on her face. A woman is crying as she walks down a street. A woman is walking along the sidewalk.	A woman holding a baby that.	contradiction
A man wearing blue and a woman wearing pink pose in front of the lake. Man wearing a blue short and a woman wearing a glasses on a dock A man with his arm around a woman are posing. A man and a woman are posing.	A man selling donuts.	contradiction
Two workmen with a wheelbarrow for mixing cement for building a stone wall. Men in orange and yellow clothing lean over a stone block. Men are working on pouring concrete outside of a kitchen Fruits stationed by a dusty old window.	Two cyclists ride on a street.	contradiction
The marathon runners draw the race to a close as their supporters Cheer! People watch a group of runners on the street. People running down the street with observers Runners pass a check point in the city.	A bride taking photos.	neutral
A man in a blue shirt with sunglasses on his head is looking at something, smiling. A man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man. A man in a blue shirt looks like he is contemplating something. A man is wearing a blue button down shirt and sunglasses.	A man walking away from a field.	contradiction
Two Asian women hug one another while smiling outside of a white Sports Utility Vehicle. Two women hug while a third gets out of the car. Two Asian women hugging outside an SUV Two women hugging each other.	A woman holding a can.	contradiction
A man is interacting with a dog that is running in the opposite direction. A brown dog chases something a man behind him threw on the beach. A man walking behind a running dog on the beach. A man and a dog on the beach.	A man plays a unique instrument.	contradiction
A woman in a black shirt with long brown hair standing in front of a microphone. A woman wearing a black top standing in front of and holding a microphone. A dark-haired woman wearing a black shirt holds a microphone in her hands. A red-haired woman dresses in black stands at a green microphone.	A woman lying down.	contradiction
A person wearing a navy jacket and black hat jumping over a small partition on a horse. A show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence. An equestrian and a horse are jumping over an obstacle. A woman on a horse jumps an obstacle.	Three jockeys riding animals.	neutral
A woman in a red bubble jacket and black and white striped pants sitting on a bar next to a man who is smoking as people pass them by. A woman in a red jacket sitting on a stool facing a man, with her head on his shoulder. A blond woman in a red jacket wearing black and white striped pants. A girl and boy sit on a fence.	A woman doing an experiment.	contradiction
A male singer, dressed in a long purple pea coat, holding an electric guitar, singing into a microphone, while a male in sunglasses and wearing headphones, plays drums, with purple drapery hanging in the background. A long-haired man wearing a blue jacket sings while playing an electric guitar. A man in a purple suit sings and plays the guitar. A man on a stage is playing a guitar and singing.	Man playing an instrument on a city street.	contradiction
A young man with brown hair wearing shorts and t-shirt walking down a street while holding a backpack. Male standing in the roadway, he is wearing a light colored shirt and holding a backpack. A young male is standing in a street holding a backpack. A man in a red shirt holding a backpack.	A lady wearing cargo pants.	contradiction
A young female has her left leg bent in the air holing it with her left hand. Two cheerleaders dressed in black and pink are posing with one leg held up. Two female dancers in matching uniforms dancing. Young cheerleaders exhibit their flexibility.	A child looking at colorful children.	neutral
A little girl in pajamas runs down a hall with hardwood floors. A little girl is running down a hardwood floored hallway. A young girl runs down a hallway with wooden floors. A little girl running down a brightly lit hallway.	A toddler standing.	contradiction
Two people wearing hats fish in a harbor, off the dock. A fisherman with his friend is setting up his pole. Two people fishing by a boat on the dock. Two people fishing beside a boat.	Children have lunch.	contradiction
Man with a white T-shirt and black rimmed glasses cooking a pot of food on the stove. Young white male preparing food on the stove top. A man stirring a pot of liquid in this kitchen. A man with glasses stirs a pot on the stove.	Man standing at a podium speaking.	contradiction
Two people in a public park or plaza stop to look at a monument in the background. These two people are admiring the building that they are looking at. Two women are looking at a tower. Two ladies admiring a statue.	Lady leaning on a person.	neutral
A little girl is crying on a dinner room chair in front of a table with a plate of toast, a cup, and a juice box. An unhappy toddler eating a sandwich. A young girl is crying at the table. A child at breakfast is crying.	A little boy holding a guitar.	contradiction
A group of people are standing near microphones and singing from papers. A group of people holding papers around a microphone stand. A group of more than 8 is speaking into microphones. A bald man looking at a gray-haired man conducting.	A woman shopping at the market.	contradiction
A man dressed in black pants, shirt and hat is sitting on an amplifier playing an instrument that looks like a guitar but it has two necks. A man is wearing all black and sitting on top of an amp and playing a two headed guitar in a public place. Man wearing black with long hair and a black hat on a sidewalk playing a double necked guitar. City performer, male, all dressed in black with cowboy hat playing guitar.	Street performers playing an accordion.	contradiction
An individual dressed in white ski top, red ski type pants, white helmet and black gloves is standing on a ski board and the photo was snapped while the skier is in midair. A snowboarder with red pants does a maneuver in the air. A snowboarder doing a trick while on a run. A snowboarder posed mid-jump.	Rider jump.	entailment
A man wearing a white shirt is talking on the phone while a little girl wearing blue jeans stands behind him. A man in a white shirt and blue jeans is talking on the phone near the street. An Asian man on a cellphone is standing outside with a young girl behind him. A man on a sidewalk talking on his mobile phone	A small child standing.	entailment
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade. Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling. Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling. Two guys in leather, standing in a crowd.	A man gardening.	contradiction
A woman in a black coat is riding her bike on a street as a man in shorts and a striped top looks at her as he passes her. A woman in a black coat is riding a bike while a man looks at her over his right shoulder. A man looks at a woman as she rides a bicycle past him. A woman is riding a bicycle down the street.	An elderly person sits on a bench.	neutral
A brown beast of burden is suspended in midair by the cart it's pulling, which is carrying various white packages and toppled over in the sand. An overloaded wagon full of white boxes tips backwards and pulls the mule attached to the wagon into the air. A cart that is so heavy it tipped over backwards and put the donkey that was pulling it in the air. A donkey suspended in air after a cart it is attached to over turns.	A man with a beard holding an instrument.	contradiction
Girl wearing a mini dress and long-sleeve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area. A woman wearing black boots and a skirt walks down the sidewalk. A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores. A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.	An Asian girl smiling.	neutral
During a sunny day, a dark brown horse and its rider leap over an obstacle in front of a small crowd of men, women, and children. An equestrian on a dark horse is leaving the ground to jump a hurdle. A person on their horse jumping over an endurance course jump. A jockey rinding a horse prepares to jump over an obstacle	Riders racing each other.	neutral
There are two market employees working at a farmer's market amongst the fruits and vegetables. Piles of fruits and vegetables are displayed with their prices on hand made signs. Fruit and Vegetable stand nicely arranged with two men in the back. A fruit and vegetable stand with two men in back of it.	Men sitting and one standing.	contradiction
Man sitting outside on sidewalk playing music while taking donations. A middle-aged man is sitting down and playing the accordion. Pan handler playing the accordion on the sidewalk. A street musician is playing the accordion.	A band sings and plays their instrument.	neutral
As the little boy fishes for magnetic fish in the pond, his father reaches down to touch the live fish that are swimming around. Two people spend some family time together fishing. A man teaches a little boy about fish and fishing. A balding man helps a young boy fish.	Some kids play on a sidewalk.	contradiction
A baby with blond hair in brown pants and white shirt lays his head over the side of the jumper. A baby has fallen asleep in his chair while sitting in front of the laundry machines. A baby in a white shirt is slumped over in a swing in front of the washing machine. A baby sleeps in his walker in the washroom in front of the dryer.	A fighter falling.	contradiction
A man in a green polo plays guitar in front of a window. A small band performs inside of a bar. Small band playing at front of pub. A band plays in a bar setting	A man plays an instrument with performers.	entailment
A woman sits in front of a weaving set up and looks at her hands. A young woman wearing native dress is working with a frame. A young girl with short hair is weaving on a loom. Women making clothing by hand.	Some women having fun.	neutral
A person is performing a trick in the air with a dirt bike. A motocross lets go of his bike in midair. A man performing a stunt on a dirt bike. Biker loses control of bike in midair.	Two men hanging out.	contradiction
Two women in orange shirts and hats walk in an organized event. People either going to or leaving some kind of event. Five people in a race are walking next to each other. People walking in a race on a cold day.	Men walking on a crowded beach.	neutral
A cowboy tries to hold on with all his might as the horse shakes and trembles to rid of his rider. A cowboy hanging on for dear life while the horse below him simply tries to buck him off. A man in a white cowboy hat riding a bucking brown horse at a rodeo. A man riding a horse in a rodeo show.	A man throwing a football.	contradiction
Three dogs are playing with a yellow ball in a grassy field. A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field. Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field. Three dogs play together in the field.	Two dogs tied to a plant.	contradiction
A statue of an angle with a large disk and a man with a yellow coat and trashcan in the background. A man is carrying a trash barrel past a statue of an angel. A man with a trash bucket walks by a statue. A maintenance worker walking past a statue.	A man bending down.	neutral
A man and woman enjoy a ride down the rapids on a warm day. A man and a woman paddle down a turbulent body of water. A young man and woman in swimwear rafting. Man and a woman kayaking.	A person standing on a rock wall.	contradiction
A man hides his face from the camera while eating dinner with friends. Two men and two women have finished a holiday dinner. A group of friends having diner together. A family having their evening supper.	Children all sit.	contradiction
One girl is standing with her back towards us, with another girl sitting down next to her, both looking out toward the water. Standing and sitting evenly with a line of trees, two female figures face the direction of a water body. A group of girls are overlooking the water. Two girls in blue jeans sit by a riverbank.	Two girls clap.	neutral
A boy in a red shirt, blue jeans and orange socks brushes the teeth of a plush alligator. A young boy brushes the teeth of a fake alligator. A kid laying on a dinosaur brushing its teeth. A child brushes a play crocodiles teeth.	A child sitting on a fence.	contradiction
A girl dressed in black with a purse on her arm is smiling at a man in a room with lots of desserts on the table. A smiling blond woman waves as she stands in front of a table covered with food .a. A woman dressed in black appears to wave as her purse swings from her right arm. Three people eating in the kitchen.	A man sitting reading a paper.	neutral
A small crowd of about five people stand on a sidewalk while a bus drives past. A crowd of people on the sidewalk with a bus driving by. People walking on the streets during rush hour. People are waiting by the curb.	Older boy scouts standing.	neutral
A small white kid holding a black umbrella in front of him, in order to block the pressurized water being shot out from a red firetruck in the parking lot. A young red-haired boy is holding an umbrella open as a red firetruck sprays water onto him and the umbrella. A shirtless little boy playfully shields himself from a fire engine's spray with an umbrella. A young boy shields himself from a firetruck hose with an large umbrella.	A man jumping over another man.	contradiction
Two Asian or Spanish people, a woman and a man, sitting together in front of a glass window as cars pass. A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman in a black and white blouse. A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman. A man and woman pose in front of some traffic.	A couple hugging.	entailment
A woman has an assortment of beads on her bed in front of an open window. A woman in a red top dropping Mardi Gras beads from her bedroom window. A woman in a red shirt is hanging her arm out of a window. A woman is throwing bead necklaces out the window.	Two women having drinks.	contradiction
Young man in red hoodie and professional digital camera, hands on top of his head, in an empty building, with graffiti painted on the white walls. A man in a red shirt has a camera hanging from around his neck. A photographer with a red sweatshirt is inside a building. A photographer in red is waiting.	A dog standing.	contradiction
A young girl wearing dark sweatpants and a zip up jacket swings a badminton racket. A young girl in glasses and sweatsuit swings a racket. A young girl in brown pants trying to play tennis. A little girl is playing tennis or bad-mitten.	Children watch boys.	contradiction
A lone construction worker, in a yellow safety vest, blue shirt and white hard hat, standing on top of a construction plank, a steel crane standing nearby. A construction worker in a hard hat is on top of the construction, working. A construction worker stands at the top of a wooden structure. A construction worker balances on scaffolding.	A man licking the face of another man.	contradiction
A group of women going over the budget for their next charity. A group of women sit in chairs and have a discussion. Women are sitting in a large room with red floor. Women sitting while in thought.	A woman doing a craft.	neutral
A white woman wearing headphones and a blue and white striped scarf walks down the street with two black people walking behind her. A woman wearing a scarf and headphones walking down the street. A woman walks down the street listening to her mp3 player. A young woman is listening to music.	A woman is interviewing two men.	contradiction
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass. A white dog runs alongside a black and white dog in a grassy area. A white dog is chasing behind a black and white dog. Two white dogs running in grass.	Two dogs play rough.	neutral
A small group of people outside a building standing around listening to a saxophone player. A man is playing a Saxophone while people on the street listen to the music. Four young people have stopped to listen to a man play a saxophone. Four people watching a man playing a musical instrument.	A child playing with dolls.	contradiction
A lone woman in red shirt staring upwards with a man wearing glasses looking towards her, in the distance. A woman in a red shirt sits resting with her chin in her hand and gazes off to the left. A woman in a red shirt with her left hand under her chin. A young woman deep in thought.	A child carries a girl.	contradiction
A person in a green and white suit does tricks midair on a black bike. A dirt biker is flying through the air with his motorcycle. Person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle. A BMX biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike.	Several men walking.	contradiction
A girl sitting on the steps of a building wearing a green short-sleeve shirt, blue jeans, flip-flops holding a cup and writing in a journal with her purse sitting at her feet. A woman is sitting on the steps in front of a large black door, writing in a notebook. A woman sitting down on steps, writing something down with a door behind her. A girl holding a coffee cup is writing outside.	Women wrestle.	contradiction
It looks as though there was a beauty competition of some sort sponsored by the Chinese as evidenced by the stuffed panda bears. Five pretty ladies listening to a talk show host. Jackie Chan and a group of women sit on a stage. Jackie Chan speaks to women at an Olympic event.	Group sitting in lounge chairs.	neutral
People watching a skateboarding competition, while a person skateboards. Airborne skateboarder in front of a crowd. A skateboarder in the air. A skateboarder ollies.	Some boys watch.	neutral
A muzzled greyhound dog wearing yellow and black is running on the track. A race dog's feet dig in the mud as he makes his way around a curve. Two dogs on a wet, sandy track. A greyhound racing.	An animal swooping.	contradiction
A guy with a white sweatshirt and guitar drinks from a can while on stage. Man with guitar on stage drinking a can drink. Man with a guitar drinking a canned drink. A man is playing an electric guitar.	Two guys playing an instrument.	contradiction
Two people sit in beach chairs with their child in front of them as waves come crashing in on a very sandy beach. Three people, one of them a child, sit on a sandy beach. People laying on the beach with waves in the background. Man on a beach with a baby	A bicyclist sitting.	contradiction
A man wearing a suit stands on the street with his right hand outstretched. A balding, white man is standing outside with his hand in the air. A man is throwing something into the road. A man tossing trash to the side.	Women standing in front of plants.	contradiction
A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky. A group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep. Four children and a woman are tending sheep in an arid location. There are a group of people around a heard of sheep.	A parent sitting.	contradiction
Two children and two adult in front of a run down home somewhere in the southwest that has spray pained pictures of people on horses on the walls. People gathering near the front of a house with a wall that has a picture of a man riding a horse. People stand and sit on a bench in front of a building with drawings on it. Two women and two children are painting the exterior walls of a house.	A group sitting eating food.	contradiction
Woman is enjoying herself being outdoors biking in a forest preserve. A girl in an orange tank top is walking her bike through the forest. A happy teenage girl taking a break from her bike ride. A girl smiles while holding her bike in a field.	A baby holds a small flag.	contradiction
A shaggy dog plays in a field of grass and yellow flowers. A long-haired dog frolics in a meadow of yellow flowers. A big, shaggy dog runs in a field of dandelions. A dog running in a field of daisies	Dogs face.	neutral
A hiker lies in the foreground as three men play with a soccer ball in a rural, wooded area. A man playing with a soccer ball as two others look on in a large expanse of grass. Several men are standing in a grassy areas with one man kneeing a soccer ball. A group of men playing ball out in a field.	Men watching others.	entailment
Men turn to the camera to smile on the middle of three long tables in a refectory. A group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it. Parishioners enjoying themselves at a church dinner. Groups of men sit at banquet tables.	A group digging.	contradiction
Two young girls are trekking through deep snow, one is wearing a white coat and the other a purple and gray coat. Two people are trudging through the snow under a blue, but slightly cloudy sky. Two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day. Two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside.	Children walking in the rain.	contradiction
An black guy in a white shirt and blue pants is jumping next to a volleyball net. Three African American youths playing volleyball at a park. Some African American young adults are playing volleyball. Three men are playing volleyball in a park.	Soccer players hit the ball.	contradiction
A little Asian girl in pigtails is building with wood and painting with colored markers. The little girl is playing with some object with colorful markers on the table. A young girl doing crafts, while a few people stand around and watch. A young girl putting together a craft project.	A group of children watching another child.	neutral
A man with a tall glass of water sitting at a table looking at his phone at an eating place. A man in a brown shirt is sitting at a table outside of a restaurant. A guy checking his phone while at a restaurant. Guy at a cafe texting on his phone.	A man clapping.	contradiction
A bunch of children sitting in chairs and standing on wooden floors. The kids talking while sitting on a row of chairs along the wall. A young group of children sitting in a row against the wall. A group of children sitting on folding chairs and playing.	A boy and a child go down a slide.	contradiction
The toddler is splashing water in the tub with suds all over. A small boy in the bath covered in soap suds. The smiling child has bubbles near their ear. A baby reaches for water dropping	Two children playing in a pool.	contradiction
Two women and a little girl are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees. Two women and a little girl are sitting on a log, in a grassy area with trees all around, having a meal. Three people of various ages are relaxing near a log in a grassy area. Three people having a picnic under two trees.	A woman giving another women a haircut.	contradiction
A man tends a garden inside old concrete open-top fish hatchery tanks. A woman in a large concrete basin carrying a long instrument A man in white shirt and dark shorts is working outside. A poor Asian woman working at a dam.	A crew stands.	contradiction
A boy is sitting on a small boat with two flags flying from it not far from the coast with some trees in the background. A boy is sitting on a black boat with two flags on long poles. Boat with two flags in water just off shore. A boy is sitting on a boat with two flags.	A man watching another man does something.	contradiction
A man with long hair and a beard plays a guitar. Bushy bearded man sitting playing a guitar. Bearded man playing an acoustic guitar. Bearded man playing an acoustic guitar	A man has a yellow clown nose.	neutral
A man with dark colored hair is singing into a microphone. An artist performs and is aided by a microphone A man in sweater singing into a microphone. A man in a gray shirt plays the harmonica.	A man playing a French Horn.	contradiction
A man and a woman are paddling boards in a large body of water. Man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance. Couple slowly propelling on boards in the harbor. Two people Kayaking on the huge open water.	Asian women standing.	neutral
A horse rider on a brown horse jumping in midair over jump bars. A show jumper is clearing a white fence on his horse. A woman in riding attire rides a jumping horse. An equestrian clears a jump at a horse show.	An animal jumps a barrier.	entailment
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children. A girl crouches and moves between two women while outside on a sunny day. Three women participate in a dance at a campsite. A young girl and two friends are playing.	A child stands in tall grass.	neutral
A redheaded woman is dressed in a brown and white outfit with a matching headband and heavy makeup while looking startled in front of a brick wall. A woman wearing a black and white shirt and headband who has red hair and makeup is talking to someone across the room. A girl with brown hair and a black and white dress with her mouth wide open. Women with red hair and white and black shirt with an O face.	A woman cleaning.	contradiction
A man in a green long-sleeved shirt with a chain wallet in his pocket is tattooing a shirtless man with large gauged earrings in his ears. Man getting a tattoo on his arm by a tattoo artist. A man wearing jeans gets a new tattoo. A Caucasian male getting a tattoo.	A man woodworking.	contradiction
Workers brush off the stops in front of a monument, blocked off with traffic cones. Several workers doing various repairs and cleaning steps and statues on a monument. Workers clean the steps and the facade of a large statue in a park. Workers cleaning a set of statues and the surrounding steps.	A man does a kick.	contradiction
Man getting something out of a bag in front of a "road closed ahead" sign. Young male walking past a construction worker. A passerby and a sidewalk construction worker. Two men going about their daily business.	Some men digging.	neutral
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash. A dog sprints across the water. A dog running through water. A dog running in the water.	A brown dog jumping into a pond.	entailment
Two children in bating suits are playing with a volleyball on a beautiful beach. A young boy and girl in swimsuits are playing with a volleyball at the beach. Two children in swimwear play volleyball at a beach side court. Children are playing volleyball at the beach.	A group of people standing.	neutral
Four people, three women and one male sitting at a bar talking and having drinks at a New Years gathering with more people in the background. Four people are engaged in conversation around a table at a New Year party. Three women and a man sitting at a table with a large pitcher of beer. Three women and a man are drinking beer at a table.	A group watching a group.	neutral
A brown horse is in a weird pose while galloping outside. Rear end view of a galloping horse out in the field. A large brown horse is running in a grassy area. A brown horse jumps through its paddock.	An animal riding an animal.	contradiction
Old guitarist in white clothes performing to an audience. A man with a white jacket is playing the acoustic guitar. Man playing electric guitar live during a concert. A man in a white jacket playing a guitar.	A man playing instrument in an outdoor setting.	neutral
A brown dog walking on a snowy surface near snow covered trees. A brown dog is walking in the snow between some pine trees. A tan dog is walking in the snow near snow covered trees. A dig is trekking through snow.	Dog plays with dogs on grass.	contradiction
A group of musical performers are playing and a crowd of people is around them. Street musicians playing two guitars and drums, playing on a tiled floor. A group of people playing music on the street in front of a crowd. Street performs are playing their instruments outdoors.	A man sitting on a beach.	contradiction
A little Jewish boy is watching an old man playing the violin in a park. An old man playing a violin at a park as a young boy watches. An old man playing the violin is being watched by a child. Little boy watching an old man play violin in the park.	Men playing instruments in a restaurant.	contradiction
A woman wearing a white, flowing dress and headscarf is walking barefoot in a stream with two young shirtless boys. A woman in white and two black children wade through a flooded field. A woman in white clothing and two children wade through a stream. Two women and a child walking through a river.	A flock walking.	neutral
A group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball. A line of basketball players doing a drill. Some young men playing basketball Asian boys on basketball court.	Group of children standing on a road.	contradiction
A man with a guitar is standing in front of two big screens. Guitarist strums while on stage under a spotlight A man with a guitar waving his hand Man playing guitar on stage	A musician and a musician performing at a concert.	contradiction
A man walking a gray poodle is walking past a billboard with a cow on it. A busy sidewalk, overlooked by a painting of a cow. Three people walk by a mural of a cow. People walking in the platform.	A black man holds a sign.	contradiction
A woman wearing a white shirt, blue shorts and black shoes is holding a tennis racket. Two people holding red and yellow tennis brackets in front on a fence. A girl in a white hat is jumping to play tennis. A woman in a white shirt is playing tennis.	A partner and partner walk.	contradiction
Two men (one wearing a camouflage jacket and one wearing a black jacket) walking down the street talking and laughing. A male African-American wearing jeans and a camouflage jacket, walks and laughs with another man. Two guys in coats laugh while walking down a street. Two joyful people are walking down the city street.	A man doing push-ups.	contradiction
People jumping in beach clothing on a beach with their arms raised. Five young people jump in joy at edge of the tropical ocean. Five young adults are on the beach jumping in the air Five people jumping on an ocean beach	Several women jumping.	neutral
Two dogs are laying in the snow with their mouths open. Two black and tan dogs are fighting in snow. Two dogs wrestle in the snow. Animals in the snow	A brown dog watches another dog.	entailment
Four women and three men are standing in a row in front of a white building each holding books. Four women in dresses and three men in black suits standing in front of a microphone singing. Group of male and female singers on stage. Seven people are singing on stage.	A man relaxing.	contradiction
A youth wearing a blue and red jersey and yellow helmet is crouching in a football position A football player is in starting stance just before a play. A young child getting ready to play football. A guy in football gear is bending over.	A man standing on red scaffolding.	contradiction
A thin, brunette-haired woman in glasses talks with another blond woman, who gestures with her arms. Two women are conversing in an art gallery. Two people are talking at an art gallery. Two ladies in an art gallery talking.	A woman ironing.	contradiction
A man on stage holds a hello kitty guitar and looks to the right of the picture. A guitarist playing an electric guitar with Hello Kitty on the front. A musician plays a Hello Kitty electric guitar. A man is about to play his guitar.	A guy leaning on a structure.	contradiction
A group of Asians backdropped by a market painting of a lady in a green dress carrying a basket. A group of people are eating in a restaurant with a mural of a lady shopping behind them. There are two people in glasses sitting in a restaurant. A group of people talking among themselves.	A man stands up.	entailment
A building is covered in graffiti, including a large picture of Mickey Mouse. Micky mouse mural and graffiti on the side of multiple story buildings. A man walking down a street with bikes parked on the sidewalk. A man is walking on a sidewalk in front of a building.	A man talking.	neutral
Many old females are performing arts and crafts. A bunch of women sit knitting in a cafe. A group of people sitting and knitting. A group of women at a knitting class.	Lady digging.	contradiction
A young blond-haired child is pretending to brush the teeth of a large green character that is sitting on the bathroom vanity. A small child is interacting with a cartoon figure in a bathroom. A young child is playing with his big toy. A child holding a large toothbrush.	A child diving.	contradiction
A black dog is running through the snow with something in its mouth. A black lab in the snow is holding something in its mouth. The black dog carries an object in the snow. A black dog retrieves in the snow.	Protesters walk.	contradiction
A person wearing a toga is sitting on the ground preparing a fire for food. A man is sitting on the floor indoors preparing food on open fire. The man in the room is wearing a robe. He prepares an offering of fruit.	A baby putting her hands in soap.	contradiction
An overweight male is playing electric guitar while wearing a white hat. A man wearing a hat and glasses is playing an electric guitar. A man is playing his guitar and wearing glasses. A man in a black shirt is playing the guitar.	A man taking a photograph of a man.	neutral
A woman in blue scrubs is kneeling in front of an upside down bicycle while a man in a white shirt looks on. A woman all in blue sits on one need with a man in a white t-shirt facing toward her. A bike mechanic explains the physics of a bike to a registered nurse. Two people working on a bicycle in a confined space.	A man wearing a leather jacket.	contradiction
A city street is busy with people as one person walks across the crosswalk. A man crosses the street next to a light rail station. A man crossing an intersection and others are walking Man walking in the street under green lights	A woman perusing.	contradiction
An orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away. A vehicle has just released a boat into the water as a man in red stands on shore. An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby. The boat rushed off.	A child watches.	contradiction
A snowboarder catches some wicked air on the slopes as photographers capture the moment. A guy getting air on snowboard, with people filming it, behind a mountain landscape. A photographer snaps a midair action shot of a snowboarder. Two people taking pictures of person snowboarding in air.	A snowboarder standing.	contradiction
A young girl with a white shirt that has rainbows on it eats a pastry A red-haired child is eating something. A young girl eating a treat. Young child eating a cookie.	A small boy holding a hand.	neutral
Five people with backpacks hiking down a rocky hill. A group of hikers climb rocky terrain. The hikers descend on the mountain. Five hikers walk down the hillside.	Backpackers walking.	entailment
One teenager gives a performance, while another, holding a bike, looks on. Two men with black pants and tank tops goofing around on a stage outside. Two boys in all black standing next to both a bike and a tree. Young guys are having fun.	A man bathing.	contradiction
Soccer player in blue is wiping his mouth with his shirt. A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field. Soccer player wipes face with blue jersey. A soccer player in blue, runs.	A man playing a guitar and a harmonica.	contradiction
A group of about eight people wearing different colored, numbered sport shirts are all sitting very close to the ground on what appears to be go-carts or specialized race cars. Eight go-kart racers speed around the curves at fast paced speeds as they all race of the same goal of finishing first on their mind as the compete in a race. Eight drag racers are racing around a curvy course with helmets on and there is a line of trees at the edge of the course. Eight people racing go-carts on a racing course.	Three dogs racing on a track.	contradiction
With the dam in the distance, the boy piggy backed onto the man in the black jacket holding a frisbee. A young boy is on the back of another person whom is wearing a hat. A child gets a piggyback ride near the oceanside. Mother and son having fun on the beach.	Two teenage women walk.	contradiction
A blond woman holds an object in her mouth and a pink toothbrush in her hand while sitting in front of a brightly colored couch. A blond girl in a blue camisole has something in her mouth and is holding a toothbrush. A girl is posed holding a toothbrush with some form of box in her mouth. A girl with blond hair is sitting on the floor holding a toothbrush.	Girls sitting outside.	contradiction
A woman wearing a hat is using an umbrella to block the sunlight on a crowded street. A woman with a blue hat on holding an umbrella with a large crowd behind her. Peaceful crowd gathered in park setting listening attentively. A woman in a blue straw hat holding up an umbrella.	A cow standing.	contradiction
A runner dressed in black is preparing for a race. Young man wearing all black jogs in a park. A runner heads through the city. A man jogging in a marathon	A man sitting fixing a typewriter.	contradiction
A two girl band entertains at this venue, the lead singer plays electric guitar and the other band member sings backup and plays keyboards. We are singing the popular song for you all. A band with two females playing instruments Two women giving a musical performance.	A woman gazes.	contradiction
A person in a black jacket is jumping through the air on a bike. A man is sitting on a bike in the middle of the woods. A bicycler jumps a ramp outside in the dark night. A person doing a trick on a bike	A man has a basketball.	contradiction
Five girls dressed in white shirts and plaid skirts stand on a path in a grassy area next to a body of water while a man in a hat sits in the background. Five girls wearing school uniforms walk around on a flat rock near a lake as a man in the background sits on the shore. Girls in uniforms gather near the shore of a body of water. A few uniformed schoolgirls joke around next to a lake.	A child doing a flip.	contradiction
A man dressed in a military uniform bends over to speak to a person sitting on the sidewalk. A man sitting on the floor crying while another man is trying to comfort him. A sailor is checking on a man who is sitting on the ground crying. A pilot is bending down to assist a man that is crying.	A man is singing.	contradiction
A man wearing a white and blue shirt cooking corn on the cob while a different man buys a piece of corn. A man buying corn on the cob from a street vendor. Male street vendor selling an ear of corn. A man at a food cart is serving corn.	Climber stands.	contradiction
Two girls in blue sweatshirts are standing in a large crowd and smiling at something off-camera. Two girls dressed in blue with a crowd in the background. Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping. Two girls laughing within a crowd.	Two girls stand in a shower stall.	contradiction
A man dressed in a sport coat, slacks and nice shoes, posing in a very busily-decorated room, while wearing a dark green mask that has large yellow monster teeth, a single orange eye, and completely covers his head. A silly person dressing with a paper mache head is dancing around and looking like they are having fun! A man with a one-eyed monster head mask and white gloves dancing in an apartment. A man wearing a mask in a cluttered room.	A man navigates.	contradiction
A black dog and a brown dog playing in tall weeds. Two dogs wrestle together in the long grass. Two dogs are playing outside in a field. Two dogs play in tall grass.	A dog jumps over a small dog.	neutral
Young boy with long blond hair running with a large bouncy ball and had two people playing piggyback chasing him. An enthusiastic young man runs with an exercise ball as he's being chased. There is a woman carrying a ball and is smiling. A girl running with a large inflatable ball.	Woman coming out of the water.	contradiction
A man with long black hair screams into a microphone as another man with long black hair plays guitar in the background. A man with long, dark hair covering his eyes wears a white and black jacket while grasping a microphone. A man in a tan jacket is singing into a microphone. A teenager singing in a band.	An older man plays violin.	contradiction
A little blond girl is sitting on the floor in a living room. A little blond girl sitting on the floor looks up. A little girl in Dora pajamas sitting on the floor. A little blond girl is looking up.	A boy gazing.	contradiction
A man is holding a hammer in his left hand over a chisel held in his right hand. A carpenter making a hole with his hammer on a building project. A man is hammering into pieces of wood. Man chiseling wood inside a building.	A man focuses on something.	entailment
A young shirtless man in red and black shorts stands on a snowy cliff and looks out over the lake. A man in red swimming trunks stands in the snow on a cliff above the water. Man wearing shorts standing in snow next to a body of water. A man in red trunks looking into a lake.	Two children stand and smile.	contradiction
A man in a black t-shirt is holding a pool cue next to a pool table with the cue ball on it while another man in a gray hat gives him directions. Two men, one with a brown shirt and hat and one with a black shirt saying "Outer baks" playing pool. A man in a cap instructs a bald man with a pool cue how to strike the ball. Two men looking at each other and playing pool.	A man building.	contradiction
Four young women around a kitchen counter with a plate of brownies in the foreground. A group of women, who look unhappy, are sitting in a kitchen talking. Four women stand in a kitchen behind a plate of brownies. Four girls in a kitchen near a plate of brownies.	A woman skiing.	contradiction
A small black and white dog jumping on the grass to catch a Frisbee A black and white dog leaps to catch a Frisbee in a field. A black and white dog jumps to catch the green Frisbee. A black and white dog catch	A yellow dog plays with a ball.	contradiction
Children learn the art of yoga on colorful mats at a festival. Several young girls on colorful mats stretching upwards. A woman teaches yoga to kids at an outdoor festival. A group of children do stretches on colored mats.	Group surfing.	contradiction
Two men on a yellow and green mat are competing in a sporting event where they have to fight and people are watching. Two men spar against each other in a martial arts match with one man wearing blue and the other, white. Two men, one in a blue uniform and one in a white uniform, wrestling on a light blue mat. Two men performing wrestling moves on cushion canvas	Onlookers stand.	neutral
Three blond women stand next to a man with a black Nike cap and shirt with a cup of beer in his hand. A man wearing black stands with three women who have blond hair. Three women and a man pose together holding their drinks. Three women and a man holding drinks pose for a picture.	A boy drinking.	contradiction
A man wearing a dark suit and a red tie walks in front of a large, white, circular building and across a large set of concrete curved stairs. A man stands outside by himself beside some old buildings and a brick street. A large white cruise ship in the background behind a black gate. An individual is standing outside of a white building.	Some cheerleaders standing.	contradiction
A person in a hooded sweatshirt is embracing a man on the couch while partially covered by an off-white comforter. A man and a woman are sitting on a yellow couch laughing under a yellow comforter with white daisies. Two people are playing on the couch laughing under a blanket. A couple cuddles under a blanket on a couch.	A man crouching.	neutral
A woman with a hat, sunglasses and a backpack walks outdoors. An older woman in hiking clothing and a summer hat smiles. An old lady wearing a hat and smiling. Women in hat and sunglasses smiles.	Women doing ballet.	contradiction
A shirtless skateboarder is in midair, flying over a small, colorful ramp. This is a young man getting some airtime on his skateboard. Shirtless male skateboarded doing trick at a skate park. Man attempts skateboard trick in tree-lined skate park.	A child crying.	contradiction
An older man in flannel and bib overalls stands in his brightly lit workshop. A man in a flannel shirt and denim overalls working with tools in a workshop. An older man inside a workshop wearing glasses. Man in overalls stands in workshop.	A man standing holds up his hands.	contradiction
An elderly man dressed in a red vest, bowtie & straw hat is holding a saw and speaking into a microphone. A man in a red vest and straw pork-pie hat holds a saw and bow and speaks into a microphone. A man with a red vest and black bowtie is speaking into a microphone. A man speaks about a saw.	A man standing next to another guy.	neutral
A small girl sleeping on a couch with a pillow on her lap and under her head. A girl in stripy socks sleeping on a green sofa with red pillows. A little girl naps on her couch with red pillows. A little girl is taking a nap.	A child pushes a child on a swing.	contradiction
An outdoor setting shows people in various period costumes, including cowboys, a nun, a robed figure, and American Revolution minutemen. A couple walks down the street while wearing cowboy hats. A couple dressed as cowboys walk down the street. A group of people dressed up for Halloween.	A man lying down.	contradiction
A young Asian girl in orange pants, gold jewelry, and a gold crown, holds an orange parasol while she walks through a grassy park with others. A young girl is wearing a native costume and carrying a red parasol while walking through a grassy outdoor area. A young girl in religious costume carries a red umbrella. Young girls in colorful costumes celebrate their culture.	A woman leaning on a woman.	contradiction
Men dressed in red, white, and black are lined up, each with a trumpet in hand. A Marching Band dressed in Red, White, and Black forming a line. A band in red, black and white uniforms standing in line. A marching band line stands and waits in full uniform.	A group of men gathers outside.	entailment
A bald man with a tattooed head stands next to a man with a brown t-shirt in front of a transparent awning. A bald man with tattoos on his head a face stands with a man in tan with backs turned to the camera. Two men are standing : one has body modifications and the other is wearing a hat. Two men, one of which is bald, in a bathroom.	A man walk across an intersection.	contradiction
A man is mopping up the inside of an amusement park ride that is covered with blue plastic sheets. Man in black shirt wringing his mop as he cleans an amusement park ride. A man mopping the floor in front of an amusement park ride. Man cleans roller coaster.	A man looks on.	neutral
An African family gathered outside preparing something in a pot over a fire. A poor family, three adults and one child, pose for a photo. A family of poor black village people gather around a fire. Five people standing outside posing for a picture.	A man sits at a station.	contradiction
A man wearing a tuxedo and a woman in a white dress. The man is walking the bride down the aisle. A bride and groom leaving after the wedding. A man and bride walk down the aisle	A poodle walks.	contradiction
A man is playing the guitar while on his right is another man looking at his keyboard. Two men are playing instruments, one a keyboard and the other a guitar. Two guys, one playing a guitar, the other a keyboard. Two people making music with a guitar and keyboard.	Some men dance.	contradiction
A man in a red shirt is jumping his bike over a sign for Rockstar Energy Drink. A bicyclist is making a high jump over a constructed stunt piece. A cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp. A person is on a bicycle making a jump high in the air.	A girl doing a trick.	neutral
A man in a dark shirt and glasses walks in grass while looking at something in his hands. The man ponders his situation during a stroll through the yard. A man with glasses walking looking at something in his hands. A man in a park holding a ball.	A man stands out.	neutral
Children in canoes floating down a river. Children are in wooden boats on a lake. A bunch of kids in canoes on a river. Children in boats in the water.	A group of children clapping.	neutral
The old couple is walking past a colorful outdoor cafe. An older couple walks arm in arm past some shops. Two old people strolling the street. A couple walking down a street.	A diver swimming underwater.	contradiction
A smiling child dressed in bright pink and green sleds down a snow-covered hill. This young child is having fun on their first downhill sled ride. This is a child in a snowy landscape sledding down a hill. A child is sledding down a snowy hill.	Man sitting at a sewing machine.	contradiction
A woman walking down the street with a purse in one hand and wearing a dress. A woman in a blue dress carrying a purse and walking down the sidewalk. A woman in a blue dress is walking on a sidewalk. A woman carrying food down the street.	Some teens walk.	neutral
A man holding a ball in his hand playing a sport surrounded by the opposing team. A handball player prepares to throw in a sea of defenders. Man in black jersey with ball with man in white jersey A man mid-throw during a handball game.	Team skating.	contradiction
A man in red scarf and white hat sits on a blanket on the ground, surrounded by cakes of a brown, fiber-like substance that he is apparently selling. A man in turban and scarf, smokes as he squats among piles of what looks like straw. An older man wearing a white hat sits alone on the ground. A man sits on a red cloth on the ground near a blue post.	A man doing a dive.	contradiction
A girl with a purple beanie sits and waits at Domino's Pizza. A girl wearing a hat near a Domino's Pizza sign. A little girl in a purple hat is staring. A girl waits outside a Domino's Pizza	Two children stand and smile.	contradiction
A large group of people are sitting watching something in the front of the room. A large group of teenagers are seated indoors in yellow seats. A group of people are sitting in a large room. A big group of people sitting in the dark.	Some workers sit.	neutral
Three people playing rock music, one of them is wearing a hat and a black pants with a black t-shirt and singing and playing the guitar. Man in hat plays guitar and sings at concert. A guitar playing man dressed in all black. Man in a black hat on stage singing.	Guys drinking.	contradiction
Children walking hand in hand while participating in a festive and costumed town event. A girl and two boys dressed in bright ethnic garb are walking together. Children in festive attire walking with others on a street. People in quaint customs walk along a road.	A little girl laying on a sidewalk.	contradiction
A man on a horse with a large hat goes down the street while many people, some with balloons, watch from the edge of the street. A man is showing off during a parade on top of a horse with a rope. Cowboy rides a horse in a parade as onlookers watch from the curb. A cowboy performing in a parade.	A man does the splits.	contradiction
A white male with a shaved head and goatee wearing a black t-shirt and blue jeans is playing a guitar with red symbols painted on it in some structure with columns and a wooden roof. A male figure wearing a black shirt and jeans is strumming a guitar while holding the pick with his mouth. Male wearing blue jeans and a black shirt playing the guitar outside a building. Guy playing an acoustic guitar at a concert	A dark-haired man playing the instruments.	contradiction
A young girl in a blue jacket and black pants holds out her arm with a small bird in her hand. A young girl in snow gear feeds a bird from her hand in a forest in winter. This girl puts the bird in snow, and eats it later. A girl wearing snowshoes holds a bird.	Lady sitting.	contradiction
A brown dog is jumping on top of a smaller white dog and there is a colorful ball on the floor. A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet. A big brown dog plays with a small white dog near a ball. The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog.	Two boys playing a game.	contradiction
Girl in tank top and pants swinging on a log swing. A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log. A girl is swinging on a piece of wood. A young girl playing on a log swing.	A little boy sitting on a toilet.	contradiction
Puffy white clouds among a blue sky are above a group of four Native American Indians playing instruments for a crowd of people. A group of Indians stand next to a streetlight in the daytime with clouds above them all. A person wearing a headdress stands among a crowd while people play instruments. People are standing around a lamp at a town square.	A group has their bikes.	contradiction
A small group of older people sitting on benches watching the waterfront on a sunny day. Three individuals are sitting outside on brown benches next to the water. Some people sit on public benches in front of the ocean. Three people are sitting at benches overlooking water.	Two women taking a picture of themselves.	contradiction
A fireman stands at the door of a firetruck holding a clipboard, among a group of people outdoors. A fireman in uniform with a mustache and goatee by his firetruck. A smiling fireman pauses in his work to pose for a camera. A very joyous fireman or emergency medical worker.	A man with sunglasses stand.	neutral
Two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation. Two women behind a net check their cellphones, while two men sitting on a curb chat to each other. Two women are on their phones behind a fence while two men sit in front of the fence. Two men are sitting down while two women are using their cellphones.	Three men seated.	contradiction
A bunch of younger people are lying and sitting n blankets in the grass. Many young people are sitting and laying on blankets in a field. Youths sit and lie on blankets spread over a field of grass. Young people laying on blankets in a park.	A group of men playing a sport.	contradiction
The martial artist in the foreground lands a kick on his opponent's thigh, while the crowd and judges watch from a distance. A martial artist lands a blow to the thigh of his opponent while a referee throws up his hand. Two young men are fighting with each other in a martial arts competition. Two martial arts fighters spar at a competition.	Men rafting.	contradiction
Several people are standing or walking down a busy sidewalk. A mother talks on her cellphone while her daughter waits. A woman talking on her cellphone on a busy city street. A few women and children are on a sidewalk.	A woman crouched down.	neutral
A young girl wearing a green and white shirt with a pink sweater tied around her waist, sits on a railing. A girl wearing red shorts and sandals is sitting outside on a railing smirking. A blond girl sits on a white porch railing. A young girl sitting on a fence	A child reaches out.	neutral
A person in a green and white jacket and green pants is practicing on his snowboard. A person in green pants on a snowboard above the snow covered ground. A snowboarder in green is balancing on a wooden bench. A man dressed in green snowboarding on a bench.	A child standing up.	contradiction
Adult female and younger child, both dressed in blue, sitting on a colorful horse on a carousel. Women and a younger child riding on a carousal, both are wearing blue coats. A woman and a young girl are happily riding on a carousel. A mother and her daughter enjoy riding a carousel.	A little girl sleeping with a book.	contradiction
A guy with afro hair, gray sweater and jeans, skating on a skating ramp high up on the side touching grass. A guy with curly hair is skateboarding along a gray ramp with yellow letters. A long-haired man wearing a gray hoodie skateboards above some graffiti. One guy skateboarding on a cement curb with his hands in the air.	A skateboarder is airborne.	entailment
Several fans are watching a hockey game, while one takes a picture with a telephoto lens, and two players cheer their team on. A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet. A photographer, at a hockey game is taking a pictures of the action at the moment. A photographer is taking pictures from rinkside of a hockey game	A lifeguard sitting.	contradiction
A bald man in a blue shirt washing a window. The window is covered in suds. From inside building, view of man washing window with tool. A window washer in a blue shirt soaps up the windows. An average man washes the windows of a building.	Guys eating.	contradiction
Two men in midair fighting in a professional wrestling ring. Two wrestlers jump in a ring while an official watches. A wrestler throws another wrestler to the ground. Two men in a fight in a ring	Two men practicing karate.	neutral
Nine young people wearing jeans strike poses on the front steps and porch of a 3-level clapboard house, as a child observes from the second-floor balcony. People posing in front of large plantation style house where three people are standing, five people are sitting and one person is bending over. People are posing for a picture on the front porch of a house. Group of men post on the stairway of an old house.	A family camping.	contradiction
A woman with short blond hair smiling and singing into a microphone while a man in a striped shirt, further back, plays an acoustic guitar. A blond girl singing into a microphone while a guitarist plays in the background. A blond woman in a pink striped shirt is singing in a microphone. The boy with the guitar is sitting on a stool.	A woman sits on a front lawn.	contradiction
Young girl with long, dark hair, in a tree. A little brown-haired girl up in a tree. The smiling girl has climbed a tree. A girl in a tree.	Some children standing.	contradiction
An elderly Asian man has his arm around the shoulder of another elderly Asian man outdoors in the daytime. A tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city Two men in glasses pose for a picture on a sunny day. Two elderly men pose for a picture outdoors.	Speakers stand.	neutral
A small child with blond hair and a pink shirt stands alone on a bridge. Blond child standing alone looking down a balloon filled street. A child is standing on a walkway with the sun to her back. A kid is standing on a boardwalk while the parents watch.	A girl with bags walks.	contradiction
A baby is wearing an adult life jacket whilst sitting in a dinghy inside the house. A happy baby wears an orange life vest. A baby in a life jacket on a raft. A young kid wearing a life jacket	A couple sitting.	contradiction
A skateboarder jumps off his skateboard in midair in hopes of landing back on it. The man is performing a trick on a skateboard near onlookers. A teenage boy is performing a trick with his skateboard. A young man is flipping a skateboard during a trick.	A snowboarder doing a trick.	contradiction
Local nationals running past a Humvee while a soldier stands over fellow troop. A man and woman in Middle-Eastern dress are running down a street. Two people running in the direction that is right for them. A man and a woman running.	A girl holding an apple.	neutral
A person in a black jacket is jumping through the air on a bike. Man on a motorcycle performing a trick in the air. A bicycler jumps a ramp outside in the dark night. A person doing a trick on a bike	Men sit at a table on a sidewalk.	contradiction
The school children wore uniforms of white shirts and navy pants or skirts and yellow name tags. A school in a foreign country, with the British flag. A group of children are standing outside a building. Kids outside a third world school.	A child and a woman sitting.	contradiction
A waiter waiting for a bus to take her home after long day without getting enough customers at the restaurant. A woman in a black dress and heels waiting to cross the street. A woman in a short black skirt waits on a street corner. A woman in a black dress waiting to cross the street.	A lady smiling.	neutral
A blond girl pulls a funny face as she cubes Velveeta cheese and puts it in a bowl. A girl makes a face while cutting cheese cubes in her kitchen. The lady is using the knife to cube some cheese. Woman is surprised cutting the cheese.	A woman relaxes.	contradiction
Two females sitting at a table eating food. Two girls eat lunch in a cafeteria. Two girls eating a meal together. Two students are eating lunch	A woman bundled up.	contradiction
Two cows stand nearby while a dog races past both of them. A light brown dog is playing in front of two spotted cows. Dog running in front of two white and brown cows. A dog runs by two cows.	Dog paddling.	contradiction
A woman with scarves in her head sits with three others staring at the camera with no expression. Woman with blue robe and headwear is sitting with other women. A collection of women sitting on the ground. Five people sitting down.	A man and woman sitting kissing.	contradiction
A man and a woman staring at a very unusual mannequin in a quaint shop window. Two people wearing flip-flops and shorts walking down the street. A man and woman walk by a window with a mannequin in the window. A male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.	Workers walk.	neutral
A young girl sits in the lap of a young woman in the presence of three men and a baby. A woman with a blue shirt wearing a hat is holding a young girl wearing pink pants. A young girl is sitting in the lap of a woman who is sitting on the floor. A happy child sits in the lap of a woman wearing a green shirt.	A woman skipping.	contradiction
In this photo we have a heavy metal rock group with four guys that have long hair, tattoos and beards, as one sits on a log the other three are playing their air guitars. A group of four young men is posing in a wooded area and three are making guitar playing movements. Four adult men doing "air guitar" in the woods. Guys playing air guitar in the woods.	A musician speaking.	neutral
A crowd of people, almost all in helmets, some in masks, face the camera while someone in a red cap looks backward. Most of them are wearing mask to protect them from pollution. Huge crowd are gathered probably to demonstrate. Many people wearing helmets.	A group sitting and talking with each other.	neutral
Three women wearing belly dancing costumes are pictured in color while the background of the shot is in black and white. Three women dressed in black skirts and bra-tops appear to be starting or finishing a dance routine. Three females in belly dancing outfits raise their arms at conclusion of an activity. Three belly dancers posing.	A group of performers performs on a street.	neutral
A blue-eyed child with a dirty face looks off into the distance with his hand covering his part of his face. A little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye. A baby with blue eyes and a dirty face is pointing at his left eye. A baby with a dirty face.	A toddler crying.	contradiction
Two women playing badminton with trees in the background. Two people chasing butterflies and catching them. A man and a woman are playing badminton. Two women are playing badminton	A child swings on a swing.	contradiction
Two young ladies are sitting on a small be in skimpy dresses. Two young women sit on the edge of the bed all dressed up. Two girls are dressed up and sitting on a bed laughing. Two girls dressed to party sit on a bed laughing.	Two women sell fruit.	contradiction
The kids talking while sitting on a row of chairs along the wall. A young group of children sitting in a row against the wall. A group of children sitting on folding chairs and playing. A group of children sit, stand, and kneel along a wall.	A student sitting.	entailment
A man in an orange safety vest holds a hawk while standing in a train depot. A man at his workplace with a hawk perched on his hand. A man in an orange vest holds a large bird. A man standing by a train holding a bird.	A man falling off an animal at a rodeo.	contradiction
A girl is sitting in a chair at the table with a cellphone raised to her ear. A little girl sitting in a chair holding a cellphone to her ear. A small child holding a cellphone to her ear. A young toddler listens to a cellphone.	A child surfing.	neutral
Two girls, one with an umbrella and the other in a swimsuit, run through a fountain. Two young girls are running through a fountain. Two little girls are playing in the fountains. Two little girls play in a fountain.	A child and a man playing a game.	contradiction
A man is sitting with a cup of coffee, reading a newspaper. People sitting at tables reading or working. People are reading magazines inside a room. A woman has her sunglasses on her head.	Children studying.	contradiction
A black dog in front of a tree jumping towards a red Frisbee. A shaggy dog jumps outside in the grass. The black dog is jumping up in the air. A dog jumps through the grass.	A dog crouching.	contradiction
Two skateboarders wearing their helmets riding down a street. Two downhill skateboarders round a curve while others watch. Two skateboarders wearing helmets are going around a turn. A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill.	A man balances himself.	neutral
Soccer player in white and green dives for the ball as he defends against his opponent in black. A soccer player is sliding as he kicks the ball and a defending player closes in on him. There are two teams aggressively competing in a soccer game. Two soccer teams going at it.	A man has a gray beard.	neutral
A man in a green shirt and backpack is standing under cover along with a woman behind him taking a picture. A young man wearing a green T-shirt and a backpack is waiting with some other people for transportation. A man in a bright green flux shirt walks along a crowded sidewalk under metal scaffolding at night. A girl in the background takes a picture as many people busily walk by.	A woman sitting talks on her phone.	contradiction
Eight people are shown in the picture in snow gear seeming to be skiing. Seven people are taking a break from skiing to chat in a snowy clearing. A group of skiers are hanging out in a snow-filled atmosphere. A group of adults getting ready to ski	Teens standing.	neutral
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground. The brown dog is running through the snow A grayish dog running in the snow. A dog runs outside.	Toddlers running.	contradiction
A woman wearing a white sun visor, blue sleeveless top and white see through pants munching on food in a crowded area. A woman with a white visor and blue top and white pants eating while standing in a crowd. A man in a plaza stares at a woman with see through pants. A woman is eating something in public.	A man playing a guitar with another man.	contradiction
Two police officers wearing rollerblades are talking to a man on the sidewalk. Three police officers conversing rollerblades. Three police are on skates in the city center. Police officers on rollerskates.	Teacher talking.	contradiction
A group of young men laugh as they write on a friend's back with a marker. People are writing and drawing on the back of another person with a marker. Boys at a party drawing on their friend's back with a black marker. Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.	A child has food.	contradiction
A group of women in red and white costumes are performing a dance number outside. Girls performing dance routine in candy-cane themed costumes. A group of dancers are performing with matching outfits. A group of women wearing costumes are dancing.	A performer waits.	contradiction
A man with a turquoise vest and black pants sits down in front of a brick monument. A person in a turquoise vest is sitting on a stone bench with a few other people. People sitting a circle with a man in a green vest talking on the phone. Someone sitting down and talking on the phone.	A group of boys sits.	neutral
Boys are standing outside of a brick establishment while one boy starts to run. A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game. A group of boys with croquet equipment stands on a lawn. Six pre-teen boys posing in front of an old building	A group of women walks down a sidewalk.	contradiction
A man wearing khaki pants and a red jacket is lying on the ground beside a small tree. A person in a hooded red and gray jacket is lying on the ground. A person lies down on the grass with a hood on. A man in a red hoodie lying down in the grass.	Men rope.	contradiction
A few firefighters, wearing black, yellow, and pink jackets, standing next to a firetruck. Several firefighters stand outside of a building near their firetrucks. Firefighters at a scene with a firetruck that has its lights on. Four on-duty firemen talk in front of a firetruck.	Man standing in front of a store.	contradiction
A woman with an umbrella is sitting at a station, with an Aquos commercial on the wall. An old woman sits in a transit station next to a backlit advertisement. A little old lady sitting next to an advertisement. A woman sits in a subway station.	Women paying.	contradiction
Several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets. People are sprawled out on the floor under blankets in a messy room. A person is sleeping under a table covered in a yellow blanket. Several friends have passed out together on the floor.	A man celebrating.	contradiction
A group of people, a wedding party including a bride and groom, are walking down a path lined by benches and surrounded by grass and trees. Several members of a wedding party, including the bride, are walking past a lamp and some park benches. The people are following the Bride and the Groom at a wedding. A wedding day with the bride in a bright white beautiful dress	Women walk on a sidewalk.	neutral
A young boy, wearing goggles and a heads-up light, and a young girl, are smiling. A boy in yellow glasses and red-haired girl pose for the camera. A boy in goggles plays with a read-haired girl. A crowd of people outside.	A woman pushes her two children.	contradiction
A fluffy dog walks along the sandy beach. A brown and black dog walking on the beach Dog walking on the beach by the ocean. A medium sized dog on a beach	A dog lies down.	neutral
Two men and one woman with blond hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top. Two men and a woman have passed through a gate carrying briefcases and bags. Three people walking through a gate in a parking complex. Three people are walking through a gate.	A child walking.	contradiction
Inside a gymnasium, martial artists in protective gear face off with naginata pole arms. Two people dressed in battle gear, are practicing sparring in a gymnasium. Martial arts students face off against each other in a gym. Two men are fencing in a gym.	A man playing with his skateboard.	contradiction
Two men are looking at a piece of machinery outdoors. Two men working on a small engine on a dirt road. An old man and a youth work on starting a tiller. A man and a boy are working on equipment.	A man kicking.	neutral
A man wearing a helmet and life-vest kayaking in the water. A man in a yellow kayak with the water rushing around him. A man in a red and black life vest kayaks down a rapids. A young man is kayaking in very rough waters.	A man enjoying themselves.	neutral
Two men are sitting on a rock near the ocean with another man standing nearby. A group of people stand at the edge of a cliff over the ocean. Three scouts are on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean. Three men stand on a cliff overlooking a lake.	Tired children rest.	contradiction
Seven females at a wedding Six of them are looking at the bride. A group of bridesmaids with the bride having fun. A bride and her lady friends gathering together. A bridal party is posing for a picture outdoors.	A group fishing.	contradiction
Two women wearing small wallets around their necks laugh together. Two ladies seated at a table share a laugh. Two young women laughing at a convention. Two girls are sitting together smiling.	A woman sweeping.	contradiction
An elderly woman wearing a striped hat, sunglasses, scarf, and blue plaid shirt. An elderly woman wearing sunglasses stands and looks at something. An old woman in a blue plaid shirt at an event. An old woman waits in a park.	Asian woman holding woman.	contradiction
A skateboarder grinding on a rail in a skate park with others in the background. A man in shirt, jeans, and a black hat skates along a rail at a skate park. Male adult practicing skateboard tricks at a skate park. A group of kids skateboarding at a skateboard park.	Girls riding a ride.	contradiction
Three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them. A woman in a white robe is speaking in front of an audience at a banquet. A large group of people watching a performer on a stage. An audience watching a performance.	A man standing on the beach.	contradiction
A man in a hat is riding on horse and riding behind many bulls. A rancher in blue corrals cattle through a pathway. A man riding a horse drives cattle down a chute. A man is herding horned cows on a horse.	A man is outside.	entailment
Young woman dressed in black and white is rolling a large black ball in a patch of dirt that is close to a field of green grass that is surrounded by trees. A woman in a skirt is outside and is running toward a black ball. Youth playing kickball in a park on a sunny day. A woman in a striped skirt rolls a black ball.	A woman ironing.	contradiction
A man stands in front of a microphone wearing glasses and looking at a piece of paper. A man wearing glasses at the microphone is looking down at some paper in his hand. A man with glasses reads off a paper into the microphone in a red-lit room. A man in glasses is reading off a paper.	A man leans in.	neutral
The man in the hooded sweatshirt is controlling the large machine. A worker operates machinery on a cold day. A black man operates an orange crane. A man operates an orange crane.	A man with brown hair sits.	neutral
Cheerleaders in sparkling blue uniforms stand and sit in the stands of a sports game. An high school cheer squad cheering on the bleachers. Cheerleaders in blue waiting in the stands. A group of girls in blue outfits.	A group of children holding hands.	neutral
White and Blue Team hockey player #17 fights Yellow and Blue Team player #26 for the puck during a game sponsored by Mars and Allianz companies. Two hockey players one in yellow and one in white competing against each other to gain control of the hockey puck. Two hockey players skating on the ice, both are looking at a puck in the foreground. Two hockey players are fighting for a puck	A man playing a guitar on stage.	contradiction
A girl wearing a white sweatshirt and jean shorts has a big smile on her face as she walks along. A girl on the phone standing in front of beautiful plants is passed by another smiling girl. A young woman walks by another young woman talking on the phone and leaning on a wall. A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.	A mother walks.	neutral
A group of six young women sit around a table while one of them reads and another two hold tambourines in the air. Six girls are sitting together laughing and playing tambourines. Group of girls having a study party. Group of girls having fun together.	Men looking each other.	contradiction
A family discusses what to do next while standing at 5th and W 23rd. People are gathered on a street corner in summer clothing. A few females and one male standing on the sidewalk. Tourists are shopping in a busy metropolitan town.	Group of children standing on a street.	neutral
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head. One Hispanic male sitting on the beach under an umbrella in the sun. A man is holding his beach umbrella as he smiles for the camera. A boy is sitting on a tropical beach with a blue umbrella.	A man is walking.	contradiction
A group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone. Teenagers play music with horns and saxophones. A bunch of young adults playing instruments. Band of kids playing instruments.	An orchestra performing for an audience.	contradiction
A young female in her underwear holding a red scarf in front of a line to get into a club. An oriental lady posing wearing a black bra and holding a handkerchief. A young woman in a skimpy clothing stands next to a line of men. A lady with brown hair standing.	Boys standing in an area.	neutral
A large group of young women outside, all wearing the same blue tracksuit, waving and smiling at the camera. Twenty four excited teenage girls, posing for a photo at a high school football stadium. A group of girls in uniform are having their picture taken near a football field. Students in uniform pose for a picture during a football game.	A group starts.	entailment
A band that consists of at least 1 drummer, three guitarists, and a bassist performs on stage. A band performs on stage under a blue light. Four guitarists and a drummer on stage. A group of men are performing on stage.	A musician performs on a sidewalk.	contradiction
Shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut. A boat floats down a river with lush forest on either side. An Indian houseboat sails down a river past a house. In a small village a Man sets sail along the Swamp.	A puppy stands.	contradiction
Man in black shirt with black guitar sings into a microphone surrounded by musical equipment. Two men in black shirts playing electric instruments in a room. A band performing with a closeup on the singer. Two members of a band are playing music.	Dancers performing on stage.	contradiction
A blond-haired lady with a gray tank top and jeans is holding her phone while she puts her other hand through her hair while a dark-haired lady walks next to her. A young girl wearing gray while playing with her phone. A blond girl and brunette girl walking. A blond girl is holding her cellphone.	A lady laughing.	neutral
A man in a red and gold uniform and black cap sits on an embellished saddle and blanket on a pale gray horse as it trots along a gray road, while onlookers watch between a low metal barrier and a brick building. A man in a red jacket is riding a white horse through a street. A man wearing a black hat is atop a trotting, white horse. Soldier riding a white horse.	A toddler watches.	neutral
A guy with long brown curly hair wearing a white t-shirt is looking into the camera with something in his mouth. a Person in a graphic print t-shirt standing in front of shelves of purses and shoes. A person with a lolly pop and a white shirt is smiling in a store. A man with a lolly pop in his mouth smiles.	A man helping an older man.	contradiction
Absolutely all the attention by the people attending is given to the play that the catcher is doing in this baseball game. A baseball player is catching or attempting to catch the baseball during a baseball game. A baseball player in protective gear is watched intently by an alert audience. A baseball catcher stands ready to catch a throw, while his team looks on.	A player waits.	entailment
A man stands with what appears to be a table of handbags in front of a deli in a city. An African American stares at a selection of purses in a busy city. A man is standing in the street during the evening. A black man is standing near a busy street.	Some men digging.	contradiction
A man is laying down on grass near trees and a hose. A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard. A person lies in a grassy area near a building. A person lays in the grass.	A man climbing.	contradiction
Two men, one younger and the other older, stationed at what looks like a control board at an airport. Two men one in a blue shirt and another in a gray shirt put on friendly faces and pose for a picture. An older man sits in front of a young man standing in an air traffic control booth. Two men, one sitting and one standing, are at the controls at an airport.	Rabbits sit.	contradiction
A man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dog's back A running dog and a standing man on a dry field of grass. A man is sitting on a black and brown dog. An attack dog is working with his trainer.	A person climbing a wall.	contradiction
A child wearing a white shirt cutting paper with scissors while an adult wearing a blue sweater looks on. A woman in a blue sweater at a child in a white shirt cutting paper. A woman is talking to a little girl playing a game. A woman is teaching a kid while cutting.	A girl sitting on a blanket.	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and a man helps the cyclist while the man in the gray jacket watches. A cyclist looking on while a team mechanic works on his bike. A man is fixing a bicycle for another man in the snow. A man having his bike fixed.	A man stands beside a stand.	neutral
At a rodeo, a man wearing a cowboy hat has a black cow up in the air in his hands and a rope in his mouth. A man dressed as a cowboy holds a rope in his teeth as he ropes a calf. A cowboy ropes a calf during a rodeo. A cowboy is roping a calf in a rodeo.	Man tying his shoe.	contradiction
A man is working or cleaning a door with a towel over his shoulder. Older Asian man looking out of a building with sunlight coming in. A bald Asian man is touching the molding on a window. A man is looking out the window.	A man stands in front of a booth.	neutral
A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera. A white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth. A dog runs outside with a yellow toy. A white dog fetching a yellow toy.	A bull running.	contradiction
A female musician holding her violin and bow under stage lights. A woman with short blond hair holds her violin and bow. A woman with short blond hair is holding a violin. A lady dressed in black is holding a violin.	A woman bundled up.	contradiction
Three men stand on stage in tuxedos, the man on the left can be seen shaking the hand of someone. Men in tuxedos shaking hands stand behind a white flag. Three men in black tuxedos accepting an award. Three men accepting an honor	A man walking.	contradiction
A man with a red apron and a white cook's hat is standing in front of his food cart. A man sells food from a cart on the street while pedestrians walk past. A mobile food station set up to serve patrons on the city streets. People are walking by a food cart in the city.	A parade walking.	contradiction
One person is sitting on a maroon couch looking out into the street from inside a storefront while another peers out from behind the wall. Two girls looking out the window at "Hair at Hart." Two young women peer out of a darkened store window. Two people are looking out of a storefront window.	A lady kneeling.	neutral
An older guy with a tan shirt and hat sitting on the side of a road with bricks all around him and a small green bowl on the side. A man is crouching down next to a collection of shaped rocks. A man in a tan hat and sombrero hat laying concrete bricks. Man in tan hat working with stones.	A man watching another man jump.	contradiction
A group of dancers dressed in red and wearing short white tutus conversing, while a single dancer is practicing in the background. A group of gymnastic girls huddled together talking while one girl is two the left by herself dancing. A girl in red with a white tutu is performing a dance move while six other girls stand beside her. Girls dance group dressed in red and white, with one girl practicing.	A crowd runs.	contradiction
A man is standing next to a red door. Two men are standing by a red door. A man is walking into a building. A man is looking at another man.	Guy surfing.	contradiction
A man and a woman are smiling, sitting against a painted wall, with the woman holding the neck of an acoustic guitar. A man and a woman are laughing together while the woman holds and acoustic guitar. A man and a woman in jeans are sitting on either side of a guitar. Two People, smiling holding a musical instrument.	A vendor smiles.	contradiction
A man in pink is chewing a toothpick on the subway. A man wearing a pink shirt is riding the subway. A young man is standing in a subway. A man in pink on a subway.	A man sitting with his dog.	contradiction
A teenage boy wearing all black tries to look tough with cheap jewelry on. A boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists. A teenage boy dressed in black stands on a snowy street. Punk rock teenager walks with a mean look on his face.	A nicely dressed man walking.	neutral
A man in a blue shirt with a name tag around his neck is standing next to a bar, while a man stands next to him in a tan shirt is on his cellphone. A man named Luke, wearing a light blue shirt and a name tag is photographed from overhead as he stands leaning against the bar. The man in the blue shirt standing by the bar is wearing a name tag. A man in blue shirt is staring on something.	Several men traveling.	contradiction
The woman wearing a fire department uniform is talking to people. A young female firefighter stands in front of a crowd. A woman is dressed in a "fire department" uniform. The lady is wearing a blue fire department shirt.	A woman knitting.	contradiction
Two dogs romp through a meadow of high grasses Two dogs run in a field of tall grass. Two dogs running through the grass. Two dogs run through a field.	Two brown dogs fighting.	neutral
A young boy in a red shirt and ball cap is participating in an Easter Egg hunt and has found numerous eggs all in one area that he's picking up. A young child in red with a baseball cap picking up plastic Easter eggs into a basket. A little boy in a hat picking up Easter eggs. A little kid picking up easter eggs	A boy is airborne.	contradiction
A girl in a purple shirt sits between two girls in black shirts in a theater. Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater. Three women are sitting down in an amphitheater. Three women are sitting down posing for a picture.	Woman climbing.	contradiction
Man in green vest directing traffic in snowy conditions, pedestrians standing on the sidelines. Several people stand around a snowy road while a black car is stopped in the middle. People stand on an icy street in the snow around a car. People stand near a car in the snow.	A man does crunches.	contradiction
Four tourists look at a camera while on a beach next to the sea. A group of people on the beach with cameras. A group of people stands along the beach. People standing at a beach with Cameras.	Two women looking out.	neutral
A lady in black pants, white t-shirt with red writing across breast, doing a stretch exercise on top of a concrete sphere with a 18th century building surrounding the sphere. A woman with dark hair, a white shirt, and black pants is stretching on a round platform. A girl in a white shirt does a yoga move atop a statue. A woman doing yoga outdoors.	A lady stands on a street.	contradiction
At the beach, a barefoot woman in a black skirt steals the red ball from a man in green shorts. A woman running on the beach with a red ball at her feet. A woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach. A woman on the beach playing with a red ball.	Some men jumping up.	neutral
A young girl in a yellow t-shirt is about to throw a wet, yellow sponge ball. A young girl holds a wet sponge and is ready to throw. A girl in a yellow shirt is throwing a wet football. A girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge.	A girl playing volleyball.	contradiction
Four shirtless men are hiking up a canyon. Four shirtless men hike up a canyon. Topless men walking up a rocky path. Shirtless men hike through a canyon.	A man climbing.	contradiction
A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail. A cyclist is performing a jump near to a railing and a brick wall. The boy is doing a stunt through the air, on a bicycle. A teenage boy does tricks on his bicycle.	A man jumping off a cliff.	contradiction
A young girl stands on a blue couch making a punching motion while an older boy in black pants apparently falls through the air. A man jumps into the air while a young girl pretends to fight back while standing on a couch. Boy jumping in the air with a girl on the couch punching towards him. A man and young girl practice their martial art skills.	Man wearing jeans.	neutral
Two puppies are wrestling on green grass. Two puppies wrestle with each other Two dogs wrestle in the ground. Two dogs wrestle in the grass.	A dog leaning against a dog.	neutral
A child wearing a red and gray shirt is standing in front of a chalkboard. A child in a sweatshirt is drawing on a chalkboard. A young boy is writing on a chalkboard. A young child drawing on a chalkboard.	A woman drawing.	contradiction
A group of young adults gather on a low wall with pillars. A group of hiply dressed young adults relax together. Several younger people sitting in front of a statue. A group of teen kids loitering.	A group rollerskating.	contradiction
A group of five girls in school uniforms are standing together and waiting to cross the street while one girl takes a picture. A group of schoolgirls are standing together while one is taking pictures. A group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph. Girls in school uniforms.	Police standing.	contradiction
A woman in a gray t-shirt is looking at a cellphone in her hand and another woman in a black top is looking down at a little boy with a blue hat and a striped white and blue shirt. Two women are standing with a young boy in a blue hat, and the one on the left is casually checking her cellphone. People are in a crowd, one female is looking at a phone. Two women stand outside with a young girl.	Women having a chat.	neutral
Asian couple holding each other, and an Asian girl glaring out into space. Asian people are standing outside a store named Concepts. Several Asians in front of store concepts. People gathering in a mall.	A Muslim woman stands.	contradiction
A man is carrying a white bag and walking down a tree lined street. An old Asian man walks with a filled bag down the sidewalk. A man walking down a shady street with a shopping bag. Man carrying groceries on a neighborhood sidewalk.	A man holds a bird.	contradiction
Child doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while friends watch on. A boy is skateboarding at a concrete skate park at the beach. A boy is jumping a cement wall with a green skateboard. A young kid is skateboarding at a skate park.	Someone skateboarding.	entailment
Three boys look at a laptop computer while a four talks on the phone. Four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts. Several young boys looking into a computer monitor Four boys are in the living room talking.	A child cleaning.	contradiction
Cowboy being hit by a bull inside the bullring after falling off the bull. A cowboy is falling off a bull and looks like he might get trampled. A man being thrown into the air while being trampled by a bull. A person falling after being thrown from a bull.	A guy doing a trick.	contradiction
A young girl dressed in brown dress and sandals scowls at a young boy dressed in black hat, tank top, and blue cargo shorts as he tosses a silver ball towards an identical ball. A little girl is watching a little boy roll a ball on the pavement. A little girl disapproves of her brother's ball toss. The children are focused on the gray object.	Two kids running.	neutral
There is a crowd of people with two women, one with a yellow shirt and one with a star shaped earring, closest to the camera. A woman with straight brown hair and a green sweater is looking at another woman with pinned up hair and star-shaped earrings. Two women observe each other in a crowded room. Two women are talking in a room full of people.	A woman sitting in a chair.	neutral
A man in pink t-shirt is singing a song A man in a tight pink shirt singing. A man dressed as a woman singing. Performer performing on stage.	A lady standing.	neutral
A group of three men and two women sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it. Five young people are sitting in front of a table with food and are laughing. A group of people sit at a table and play a board game. People sitting at a table.	Three children sitting in the grass.	contradiction
An African American woman is braiding the hair of an Asian girl in a house. An older African American lady is doing the hair of a young Asian girl. African American woman putting braids in an adorable Asian girls hair. A black woman braids the hair of a young Asian girl.	A woman sitting in a yellow chair.	neutral
In a large city, pedestrians are seen walking down the sidewalk in front of a building with many windows which reflect the scene. People walking up and down busy city street. Reflections of people walking in a big city. A man carrying an empty suitcase.	Man pulling a jeep.	contradiction
A woman holding a black purse is leaning with her elbow on the seat of a bicycle. A girl in a green shirt is posing humorously with a bicycle in a parking lot. A woman in a green shirt is leaning against a locked bicycle. A woman in green shirt poses near a parked, locked bike.	A lady sitting down.	contradiction
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow. A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field. A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area. A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.	A girl and boy hugging.	contradiction
A man and woman wearing different shades of blue are standing close together with their arms around each other. A man and woman in blue shirts cuddle and pose for the camera. Man posing for a picture with his girlfriend. A man and a woman posing.	Two children pose for a picture.	contradiction
Photographer in t-shirt and shorts with digital camera taking pictures on a city street. Two men taking pictures with their cameras outdoors. Two men in black shirts are taking photographs. Two men taking pictures.	A man holds a sandwich.	neutral
A man in a white shirt and a woman in a green and white top have a fallen down tower of Jenga blocks in front of them on a white table. A man with glasses and a tie plays Jenga with a woman in a green shirt. A man and woman sit at a table and play Jenga. Two people playing Jenga looking very silly.	A man having his eye checked out.	contradiction
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch. A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch. There is a soccer game in progress. Boys soccer teams playing a game.	A child playing with bird.	contradiction
At the bakery, the fat old baker sleeps while his apprentice rubs the flour out of his eyes, seated beside him. An all yellow photo of two men sitting in a bakery. A tired looking person makes a lot of bread. Two men relaxing in a bakery	A man carving.	contradiction
A motorcycle is stopped to wait for a man crossing the street with a guitar. Two people on a scooter wait for a man with guitar case to cross the street. A man in a white shirt crossing the street in a city holding a guitar. Two people on a motorcycle riding through Chinatown.	A man has a bicycle.	neutral
Young boy walking through a single toned area wearing a blacked and orange coat. A young boy walking through the courtyard of ruined buildings. A child in black and red jacket running. A small child playing in a dusty square.	A woman walking and holding a bag.	contradiction
A woman in a wedding dress and a man in a suit are walking with arms linked. A bride holding a rose bouquet is being escorted by a man in a gray suit. A bride is carrying a red rose bouquet and a groom is wearing a gray suit. A groom and bride make their way down the aisle as man and wife.	Couple holding hands walking.	entailment
A man in formal wear, holding a microphone in one hand and a pen in the other, appears to be giving a speech. A man in a plaid shirt and suit coat has a microphone in one hand and a pen in the other. A man with a pen in his right hand speaks into a microphone. A man in a sports coat is talking into a microphone.	A boy speaking.	contradiction
A blond woman is throwing a stick for her orange dog, who is leaping to get it. A woman is holding a stick in the air, while a dog jumps up. A woman with a stick is playing with a dog in a red collar. A woman prepares to throw a stick to a leaping dog.	A woman standing holding a bag.	neutral
Many women and males seem to be holding signs and having some sort of protest, one male in checkered shorts and a girl in a tank top are holding up signs, while another female holds a megaphone. A group of people from all different ethnic backgrounds, have come together in protest. Young people gather together, relaxing, talking and holding signs. A mob has gathered in protest; one woman carries a sign in Hebrew.	A group of children sitting in chairs.	contradiction
A drag race car being worked on by three people on a track Three men are examining a red and white race car. Three men standing around a car on a racetrack. Several men standing around an antique race car	A woman works out.	contradiction
Two people in canoes ride through the water. Two guys are rowing a canoe on a lake. Two men on canoes on a lake. Two men rowing in canoes.	Men looking each other.	neutral
A group of soccer players gathered on a soccer field. Two soccer team on a soccer field with the referee. Two soccer teams walking on a soccer field. Two soccer teams yelling at one another.	A child walking.	contradiction
Two men in suits and a woman in a white outfit playing instruments on wheels. Two men in bowler hats and a woman are performing on a street. Musicians are performing outdoors for money. Three people are performing music.	A guy smiling.	neutral
The two men are playing chess in the park. A young boy and a playing chess outside. Two males are staring at a chessboard. Chess games between a group of men.	Three men making gestures.	neutral
A woman in a yellow shirt is doing a ballerina pose outside, you can see trees and the sky in the background. A woman in a yellow shirt is dancing barefoot on a shiny surface in front of forestry. A woman dancing on a stage in the middle of the wilderness. A barefoot woman poses in front of a sylvan background.	Women paying.	contradiction
A man placing his hand inside the pot of a small tree as he squats behind a row of other small trees. A man crouches over his plants with various plants and dirt in the background. A man who is wearing glasses is planting trees. The man is working on his trees in the garden.	Some men smiling.	contradiction
A woman in a floral print shirt laying in the grass with yellow and orange leaves around her. A girl with love tattooed on the inside of her wrist lays in the grass. A girl with a love tattoo on her wrist is laying in the grass. A woman wearing a floral top laying on grass.	A girl jumps.	contradiction
A gymnast in a blue leotard is doing a handstand on the workout floor. A child gymnast performs a trick in a gymnasium. Gymnast does a flip on blue flooring. A child doing gymnastics	A child walking.	contradiction
A group of four young children, three girls and one boy are sitting on the floor inside, with a bottle of water in front of the girl wearing glasses. There are several Asian children sitting cross legged on a concrete floor. The children in class are sitting on the floor. Three girls are sitting on the floor.	Kids looking at something.	neutral
A young girl, wearing a yellow tank top, is playing outside with other children in the background. A young girl in a yellow tank top holding a piece of a blue pinata. A girl wearing a yellow shirt playing with a busted pinata. A young girl disposes of blue tissue paper off of a pinata.	A group of children watching another child.	neutral
Two young girls make funny faces out of the bubbles in their bath. Two female children are in a bath together. Two young girls are sharing a bubble bath. Two baby are bathing and enjoying.	Some little girls sitting.	neutral
Two ladies with long hair who are between a red and white stripe pole are about to kiss each other. Two girls with long hair are about to kiss each other around a red and white striped pole. Two ladies show affection that will lead to a kiss. Two women, one blond and one brunette, talking.	A woman smiles.	neutral
Two men are making an arch with their arms and a third man is ducking beneath it. Two people hold their hands together over a third, in front of a lighted stage. Two boy put their hands together while another boy goes under their hands. The man, the wife and the son are playing together.	A man posing with two women.	contradiction
Several people walking around outside with a banner for "Gourmet Curry Hut" in the background. A lot of people in front of the gourmet curry hut A packed market area with little room to move. A lot of people outside the gourmet curry hut.	A child is about to walk.	contradiction
A group of people some are standing and some are lying on the ground outside. A group of men and women are praying outside. A group of people using mats on the ground. Several people are praying in the square.	A group having drinks.	contradiction
These three men dressed in blue, yellow and white, are playing a sport. Three men playing sports wearing blue as their uniform Three teammates in action on a grass field. Three men are playing rugby on the field.	Three men enjoying an event.	neutral
A man, wearing green and yellow clothing, is bicycling around a track with a motorcycle and another car following him. A bicycle rider in a race being followed by a police officer on a motorcycle. A bicyclist rounds a turn, followed by a cameraman. Bicyclist leading a pack of cars in a racetrack.	Man having a meal.	contradiction
Two beach volleyball players walk and talk together on the sand. Two women wearing bikinis are walking on the sand. Two women in bathing suits walks across the sand. Two women wearing bikinis on a sandy beach.	A woman standing on a ladder.	contradiction
Asian school children are on a field trip listening to a speech, except for one girl who is posing for the camera. A youth wearing a shirt and tie crouching down and giving the peace sign. A group of Asian students in their uniforms. An Asian girl is flashing the peace-sign.	A child holds an umbrella.	neutral
A tall guy wearing a fedora hat, gray button shirt, black pants and messenger bag is walking on the sidewalk as he texts. A young person in black pants and a brown fedora uses their mobile device on a city sidewalk. A man is walking on the sidewalk reading something. Pedestrian checking his cellphone.	A woman walks with a child down a street.	contradiction
A man in a black uniform and helmet dirtracing with his bike's front wheel in midair. A man dressed in gray gear, including helmet, races a dirt bike on a dirt track. A motorcycle racer is in action at the track. A man riding a dirt bike	A rider riding a bicycle on a street.	contradiction
A person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town. A person walking down a snowy and well lit street close to a house with Christmas lights. Person dressed in black walks down a snowy sidewalk during the early evening. A small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.	Cyclists walk.	neutral
A man wearing a white t-shirt, blue jeans and tennis shoes, is standing on to steel beams, holding long metal wires, his eyes are closed in the background there is either a lake or an ocean. A man wearing blue jean, white shirt drawing up a line out of the water. Men with white t-shirt and jeans, struggling to pull a fishing rope. A man in a white shirt pulls a line out of the water.	A man is splitting wood.	contradiction
A group of Asian women in sports attire, and one woman in the center is wearing a baseball cap. Four teenagers in dark clothes looking in various directions. There are several Asian people, one wearing a baseball cap. A group of Asian girls are standing together.	Girl walks on a path.	contradiction
A man stands with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view. A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else. Three casually dressed men in a yard smiling. An African American man smiling.	A man is outdoors.	entailment
There are women dressed in black dresses wearing hats and men wearing black suits and white shirts waiting in a line at a food truck. A line of people dressed in 1800s attire wait to order food from a vendor outside. A canteen truck for actors on location filming a period piece about the 1800's. Man people in America Revolution era outfits enter a trailer.	A man does his job.	neutral
Two young men hanging out in their apartment. Two guys are sitting in a room together. Two guys sitting on the couch. Three people are hanging out.	A bearded man sits in a chair.	neutral
A little girl with a blue jean jacket smiling while running in a field. A little girl with a jean jacket on is running and laughing. A little girl in a denim jacket running through a field. A little girl is running on the grass and smiling.	A group running.	contradiction
A couple stands covered in plastic; she smiles and he scowls. The man and woman are wearing a protective plastic raincoat. A man and a woman in plastic coverings. A lady and a man wear rain ponchos.	A group of men posing for the camera.	contradiction
A person is standing on a sidewalk across from an establishment named "Luca" and waving sparklers around in their hand. Bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs. A man dressed in black doing light art on the street at night A street performer is twirling fiery sticks as an act.	Men listen.	neutral
A young boy in Velcro shoes and a blue sweatshirt hangs in a harness at a pier. A baby hanging in a baby jumper on a deck by a sea port. A little boy sitting in a bungee seat outside by a pier. A baby is strapped into a swing.	Children skating.	contradiction
A little sitting down on a chair in front of a table wearing goggles and playing with some cylinders. The little boy with the brown hair and big glasses is in his kitchen trying his luck at science. Young boy performing science experiments at his kitchen table in the winter time. A curious boy doing science experiments.	A woman has a child.	contradiction
A woman with a red shirt and a large tattoo on her arm is playing a saxophone. A woman is playing saxophone while a crowd listens. A woman with a tattoo is playing the saxophone. A woman in a red shirt playing the saxophone.	Musician playing an instrument and singing into a microphone.	contradiction
Five white and white and brown, muzzled dogs run across a green, grassy lawn. Five small white dogs are wearing muzzles and running. Little muzzled white dogs are running in the grass. Several dogs in muzzles are racing on the grass.	A dog runs in a dry field.	contradiction
Two girls trying to get attention by twirling hula hoops, one girl wearing a pink skirt is barefoot and the other girl is wearing a denim colored skirt and very worn brown boots. Two young women wearing colorful costumes show off their hula hoop skills at a friendly competition during a local festival. Two ladies, one in pink and purple, the other in red and blue, hula-hoop. Two women are spinning hula hoops.	A woman perusing.	contradiction
People are gathered at an event in a sandy area. A group of people are standing in the sand. A group of people at an Olympic event. A bunch of people standing on sand.	A group has fun.	neutral
A man with his head covered by a scarf looks opposite of the camera at other pedestrians walking by, while talking on cellphones. A man holding an unknown blue object sitting on the ground in a black shirt. A man is sitting on the ground watching people. A man performs on a busy street.	A skateboarder sits.	neutral
A blond-haired boy in short, short-sleeve shirt and sandals in overlooking a snowcapped mountain. A boy in a t-shirt and shorts is holding a snowball and facing a snowy mountain. A child in shorts throws a snowball at a mountain. A boy preparing to throw a snowball	A boy standing on the stairs.	contradiction
A group of people sitting down to a meal in an old wooden building. A group of people are sitting at a table and drinking. A bunch of people sitting around tables with drinks. A large group of people are enjoying drinks.	A group looks out.	neutral
Musician sitting on the ground plays his guitar as crowds of people walk around him disregarding the sign in his case which states "tell me why my music sucks". A street musician sitting playing guitar with an open case and a sign reading "TELL ME WHY MY MUSIC SUCKS". Street musicians are sitting on the ground as passersby go about their business. Two young people in the middle of a crowded area are playing music.	A black-haired man playing an instrument.	neutral
Outside a mobile home, a man and a woman drink bottled water with a child in a bath suit near. A man, a woman, and a young girl, rest with water in front of a camper. A family relaxes with cold water outside their camper. This family is relaxing outside of their motorhome.	A man dines.	contradiction
Two people in the photo are playing the guitar and the other is poking at him. A man is fixing the guitar players costume. A guy stitching up another man's coat. The two boys playing guitar	Several men traveling.	contradiction
Two men and a woman have a barbecue on a rooftop. A group of friends socializing at a barbecue. Three friends are relaxing around the table. Three adults enjoying food around a grill.	Military men sitting.	neutral
A guitar player, on stage, raises his arm and waves to the spectators. A man with a guitar is standing in front of two big screens. Guitarist strums while on stage under a spotlight A man with a guitar waving his hand	A man playing a set of drums.	contradiction
Two teams of men (one wearing green uniforms and one wearing black and white uniforms) are playing a sport on ice wearing rollerskates. A man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him. Several men are rollerskating while wearing two distinct uniforms with a ref in the background. A group of men in helmets and uniforms rollerskate while a referee watches.	A man playing a carnival game.	contradiction
Two men in a relaxed office setting and they are both looking at their computers and one has their feet propped up on the desk. A man is staring at his computer with his feet on the desk A man in black shirt is just relaxing. Man puts his feet up on a desk.	Guys kayaking.	contradiction
A smiling young woman in a red t-shirt, sitting on a stool playing a guitar in a room with guitars on the wall. A woman with wavy hair wears a red t-shirt and black pants while she sits on a stool playing the guitar. A woman is sitting on a stool and playing a guitar with a smile on her face. Girl playing a guitar to see if it works.	Women buying.	contradiction
Rear view of a choir group standing on risers with a chair filling a space between the risers. A choir, consisting of young people, viewed from behind. A choir is standing up on a podium singing a song. Rear view of a boy's choir singing in a church.	A man standing in a meadow.	contradiction
An oriental man in a blue shirt is leaning against a chain. Some men stand near a sign written in English and Chinese. Street vendors talk to each other while others walk by. A man is watching what to get in the shops.	Some men smiling.	contradiction
Two men, both wearing khaki shirts, striped ties, navy bottoms, and hats, are on a grassy countryside, one carrying a guitar and the other carrying a briefcase. A green pastoral setting has two men standing with luggage in their hands and wearing scout uniforms. Two men carrying luggage are standing in the middle of field of green grass. Two men stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background.	A child and a child standing.	contradiction
A young African woman is staring at a camera, in front of a bunch of clay pots. A black girl looking blankly with vases in the background. Woman in yellow dress, surrounded by ceramic pots. The tribe making Large Pottery to sell to tourists.	A woman telescopes.	contradiction
Two men in plaid shirts riding horses and they are lassoing a calf. Two men on horses race around the ring trying to rope a young calf. Two men on horseback rope a calf in a pen. Men on horses wrangling a bull.	Two cowboys lassoing an animal.	entailment
A group of men walk on a street with yellow ribbon in front of a white and red building. Many people are walking down a road in both directions, some are wearing turbans Man in maroon turban standing in road while people walk past A group of men walk along a road divided with yellow ropes.	Men walk with their arms around each other.	neutral
A long-haired woman dressed in a cap, jeans, and yellow shirt appears to be leading an unseen dog with an extendable leash. A woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind. Dark-haired woman with yellow sweater in jean walks down the street. A girl wearing a yellow top and blue jeans is walking a pet.	A woman holding a slingshot.	contradiction
A man jumps from a concrete slab to the surface below as someone on the lower level ignores him. A skateboarder jumps off a building's raised platform as another young man films him. A skateboarder does a trick off a dock while a photographer documents it. A skateboarder makes a jump while someone films it.	Men kick each other.	contradiction
Three children, one girl and two boys, are sitting on a gym floor and raising their hands while being watched by two female adults. A teacher and her assistant are helping a group of toddlers with singing or exercising. A group of young children with raised hands sit with a woman on a wooden floor. Children who are holding their hands up while sitting on a gym floor.	A group playing instruments for a group.	contradiction
A little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade. A child in the middle of the street as a marching band approaches. A marching band in full uniform is coming down the street. Marching band walking down a road.	A child digging.	contradiction
A man wearing a red jacket is playing the saxophone outside. A black man with dreadlocks playing the saxophone. An older man is playing a saxophone. An older man playing the saxophone.	A man plays a stringed instrument on a sidewalk.	contradiction
A black dog is drinking next to a brown and white dog that is looking at an orange ball in the lake, whilst a horse and rider passes behind. A brown and white dog and a black dog near water with a man on horseback in the background Dogs in the water with a basketball and a person on horseback. Two dogs are playing near water next to a deflated basketball.	A large dog jumps over a dog.	contradiction
A man wearing suspenders and a dark blue shirt standing on top of a firetruck. Man standing on a firetruck in front of brick building. A firefighter stands on top of the firetruck. A fireman standing on top of a firetruck.	Men looking a book.	contradiction
A man with a black shirt, shorts and a black messenger bag, is listening to a man, sitting with black pants and a white t-shirt, playing the guitar. An man wearing headphones observes an older man performing his guitar on a public street bench. A man standing listening to music while watching a man picking a guitar while at the park. Guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him.	Men deciding.	neutral
Two people pretending to be in the water next to a door with fish cutouts. The two people in t-shirts pretend to swim in front of two blue doors. A man dances as another holds her breath in front of a blue fish door. A couple acting like they are swimming in front of a fish cutout door.	Man stands near bicycles.	contradiction
A small group of people sitting at a restaurant with a Guinness sign in the background. People relax in a food and drink establishment while viewing something off-camera. People watching a soccer game at the local watering hole. People are in a bar looking to order something.	A child sitting at a table.	contradiction
A woman in colorful clothing plays her guitar in the street, next to her guitar case. A woman playing guitar for money on the street. A woman plays guitar in the street. A woman plays guitar for tips.	A performer playing a cello.	contradiction
A few people are relaxing while they listen to an outside performance. A man standing and playing guitar to an almost empty city plaza. A man plays his guitar in a park while people sit on benches. People sitting on a bench watching a man play his guitar	A man speaking or singing.	entailment
A boy standing next to large fountain, with an office building in the background. Young person stands in spray from a fountain under a cloudy blue sky. People standing in water spouts in the city on a sunny day. People are playing in water fountains.	A boy resting.	neutral
Two men wearing helmets and orange suits are having a conversation at a construction site. Two construction workers have a discussion while on the work site. Two construction workers with orange jackets are talking. Construction workers in orange talking.	A man with a hat smoking a cigarette.	neutral
A young black man wearing no shirt and low-riding jeans is popping a wheelie on a bicycle while listening to music through an earbud. A shirtless man pulls back on his bike handlebars to do a wheelie on his bike. A young black man rides a small bicycle on one wheel. A man without a shirt on is riding a bicycle.	A man kneels.	contradiction
People sitting on a lower level of a walkway, while a different person is walking above them among the trees. Three women and two men waiting by a wall in the park talking A group posses for a photo along a wall. A group of people sitting on a bench.	A man with a bag standing.	neutral
A man lecturing a group of people in a medium sized room. A man standing in front of several people talking. A man getting ready to speak to an audience. People gathered for a presentation.	A guy doing something.	entailment
A small child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a group of tires. A little boy wearing a blue shirt is playing around large tires. A young boy wearing Mickey Mouse clothes in a jungle gym. The little boy is playing by tires.	Several children laughing.	contradiction
Horse pulling wagon with male bailing hay while three boys look on' Three children stand on the side as a man forks hay out of a cart. Three boys and their father working in a yard. A farmer and three children work on a farm.	Men walking next to a man.	contradiction
A man sits with his head on his hand while a woman stands next to him with folded arms. A man and a woman outside, the woman is standing while the man is seated A man is sitting next to a woman who is standing. A man kneeling and a woman standing next to him.	Woman driving.	contradiction
A family is taking ride in an old style horse-drawn wagon, driven by a man in a vest and derby hat, down a tree and shrubbery lined grassy path A man driving a cart led by two horses and carrying several people past a wooded area. Tourists riding on a wagon with brown and white horses are sight seeing. A group of tourists taking a ride on a horse-drawn carriage.	Two cowboys chase an animal.	contradiction
A young girl in a short-sleeve brown shirt with a name tag on it, has her arm around another young girl in a quarter length brown shirt and jeans. Two women embrace, one in a brown shirt and one in a purple shirt, as other people look on. A woman with a black shirt has her arm across another woman's shoulder. Many people with name tags are gathered in a room.	Woman sitting down.	neutral
A priest carrying a small blue bag walking down the street talking on a cellphone. Priest in black walking on sidewalk carrying a blue bag and talking on cellphone. A man talks on his cellphone while he walks down the street. Priest walking with blue bag while talking on cellphone.	Guards talking.	contradiction
A group of four children pose on a muddy beach, smiling and making faces. Five children wearing hats are playing in the mud on the beach. In a marsh type area, four small boys are digging in the mud. Kids are playing in an oceanic tidal flat.	A boy crawling.	neutral
A man playing the bagpipes in traditional garb plays while walking down a wet stone street. An old man dressed in black with white stockings is holding a bagpipe. A gentleman is walking along playing the bagpipes. A man in traditional attire plays the bagpipes.	A bald man standing.	neutral
People wearing black and orange jacket are walking on the snowy road and head towards the same direction The group of people are all wearing orange vests walking towards the building. A group of people wearing bright orange jackets are walking in the snow. People in orange vests walking on a snowy road.	A woman talks while walking.	neutral
Two women in white shirts jump into the water with floating devices around their waist. Two girls with duck floating are jumping into dark water. Two people with flotation devices are leaping into water. Two crazy looking girls are about to jump into a lake.	A girl stands with her group.	neutral
Men and women standing on a board and putting siding up. Several teenagers are painting a building brown. Many people work on repairing a wooden house. Some young people building a house together.	A man kneeling down.	neutral
A woman in black athletic gear and a blue helmet tries to move past another woman in similar gear and a black helmet with a referee on each side of them This is a man and a woman dressed in identical black uniforms and both have helmets Women in roller derby are in the middle of a bout. An intense roller derby event reaching its peak.	Two woman with bags walk.	contradiction
Two old men, one holding a bag and one wearing a hat, walk down a leaf-covered path through the trees. Two old men wearing winter coat walking through woods. Two people walking down a lane in the woods. Old people walking through the woods.	Policemen walk.	contradiction
Children, some being helped by adults, are playing bongo drums while sitting on chairs in the grass. Parents get involved in the outdoor musical festivities by helping children play hand drums. Three women and three children play bongo drums in the midst of a group of people. There is a crowd of mothers and children taking drumming lessons.	Man plays an instrument while another drums.	contradiction
Two women sitting under a tent, one with shirt red hair, dark clothes drinking and the other lying down playing the guitar in a green top and jean peddle pushers both barefoot. Two people sit barefoot in a tent, one with a beer and one lounging playing a guitar. People in a tent listening to one playing a guitar. Two girls at peace during a music festival.	A guitarist playing his instrument.	contradiction
A woman holding a purse reaches up to grab the hands of a performer dressed as the Statue of Liberty wearing sunglasses. A lady with a purse on his shoulder reaching upward and putting a crown in a statue's hand. A woman talking to a person dressed up as the Statue of Liberty. Woman gives a fake crown to a Statue of Liberty look alike.	An Asian woman holding an umbrella.	neutral
Two blond females, one in a red striped tank top, the second in a blue tank top, sitting at a table, talking. Two blond women sitting at an outside table having a drink. Two women sitting at a table enjoying the sun. Two blond ladies sitting at a table.	Women seated.	entailment
Two children slide down a slide into a ball pit while another child looks on. Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls Several children playing in a ball pit. Three children in a ball pit.	Boys chasing.	neutral
Tan dog on lead standing on surface covered with white snow. A large golden retriever on a leash standing in the snow. The small dog on the leash is walking through the snow. A tan dog on a leash walks in the snow.	Dogs fighting with each other.	contradiction
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot. A large brown dog and a larger black dog playing together with a ball. A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee. A large black dog in the dirt with a small brown dog.	A dog jumping up catches a ball.	neutral
A woman near a moped is interacting with a man holding a beverage as many people watch and hold the flag of Spain. A woman in a green shirt and black helmet struggles with a man in jeans and a light blue shirt. Person in motorcycle helmet physically engaged with a man on the street. Two people confronting each other in a crowd.	A woman doing a trick.	neutral
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other. Two soccer ball players are chasing after the ball. Two boys playing soccer go after a ball. Young boys playing soccer.	A child with a red shirt running in the grass.	neutral
A tall, heavyset female with long black hair and wearing a gray blouse, holding a bag of potato chips, leaning against a white wall where four paintings are hung. A group of Christian women stand in an art gallery on Ash Wednesday. A group of women stand all looking toward the same direction. A group of women waiting to enter a convention.	A group having their picture taken.	neutral
Five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window. Five young children all wearing heavy clothes are sitting together on the sidewalk. Five children, two boys and three girls, share food while sitting outside of a building. A boy sharing his food with his brother and sisters	An Indian woman holds a child.	contradiction
One curious woman looks on as another woman uses her cellphone. Two women look at a flip phone to see what is on the screen. Two nuns looking at a cellphone. A nun on her cellphone.	Women talking with each other.	neutral
Two men are driving a motorcycle with a compartment attached on the side Two men, both wearing racing outfits, racing a three wheel dirt bike. Two people competing in a motocross event using a trike. Two guys in yellow riding a yellow bike and having fun.	Skaters racing.	contradiction
Two women holding takeout boxes hugging on the street. Two women are embracing while holding to go packages. Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug. Two blond women are hugging one another.	Several women waiting.	entailment
A chef is standing in front of the grill where he is preparing a lot of food. A man in a black apron beside a huge grill filled with sorted meats. A man in an apron standing in front of food beneath a menu. A cook displays the grilled meats available.	A guy smoking.	neutral
Several groups of people are enjoying a ride on a ferry boat. A group of people on a cruise ship enjoying the day. Couples are seated on a boat on a river. A group of people on a boat tour.	A group does gymnastics.	contradiction
A pretty young dark-haired woman, wearing a black skirt and light plum-colored shirt, sitting on a cement border of a raised flower bed in the city. A woman sitting on a ledge in a public area with other people in the background. A pretty lady is sitting down and opening her purse. A young woman is sitting outside next to a tree.	A lady posing.	neutral
A woman in a purple shirt running a marathon getting water splashed on her. A woman who is running a marathon is excited to cross the finish line. A young woman in a pink shirt finishing a race for run half. A group of people are running a marathon.	Runners are about to run.	contradiction
Two men work with wooden beams in a room undergoing refurbishment. A man is overlooking an interior decorator work on his home. Carpenters are working on their project Two men in a room doing construction.	A man holds a guitar and sings.	contradiction
A picture of net fishermen on boats taken with a distorted lens. Fishermen cast nets from dugout canoes into the water. There are five people out in the lake. Small fishing models float in water.	A group having their picture taken.	contradiction
A businessman in a tan suit sleeps on the sidewalk near a building. Using his bag as a pillow, a man takes a nap in the city. A man rests on a concrete bench using his bag as a pillow. A balding man laying outside on his bag.	Another man doing construction.	contradiction
Three women wearing belly dancing costumes are pictured in color while the background of the shot is in black and white. Three women dressed in black skirts and bra-tops appear to be starting or finishing a dance routine. A group of three belly dancers is taking a bow. Three belly dancers posing.	Ladies cooking.	contradiction
Two men and a woman are performing on stage in a "Thomas the Tank Engine" play. A group of actors is performing a Thomas the Tank themed play. A scene featuring Thomas the Tank and friends. Stage production of Thomas The Tank Engine.	A man boating along a river.	contradiction
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat. Two elderly women are sitting on a bench eating snacks. Two older ladies wearing blue eat a snack on a bench. Two people eat and converse outdoors.	Women in a room talking.	contradiction
A man and woman wearing different shades of blue are standing close together with their arms around each other. A man and woman in blue shirts cuddle and pose for the camera. Man posing for a picture with his girlfriend. A man and a woman posing.	Girls pose for a picture.	neutral
Young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day. A group of people walk with a child through the woods. A group of people walking through the woods. Group of people walking in the forest.	Biker walks.	contradiction
Fat man climbs a tree, but his fat girl friend and dumb dogs wearing sweaters are not impressed. A large man attempts to climb a tree while a cat & dog sit near him. A person wearing a blue shirt and khaki pants climbing in a tree. A man climbing a tree while a woman is below with her dogs.	Two other dogs running.	neutral
A surfer balances on a surfboard while another surfer is not on his board in the background. A man in a wetsuit trying to balance on a surfboard. A man tries to keep balance while surfing A man surfing in the ocean	A man falling.	neutral
Three men are happy because they 're team is wining. Three men are looking forward and laughing. Three men sitting laughing and clapping. Three men are sitting down laughing.	Several men traveling.	contradiction
A man wearing a brown shirt and blue jeans is standing alone in a room holding a guitar. A man with blue jeans and glasses stands playing a guitar in a room with two chairs. A man stands with a guitar and music stand in an empty room. A man wearing glasses plays a guitar behind a music stand.	A man with a hat playing instruments.	neutral
A man dragging between two horses holding on to the horse on his right Cowboy in blue and red pants getting bucked off a horse. A rodeo contestant being drug between two horses. A person is kneeling between two horses	A man learning.	contradiction
An older gentleman reads a periodical as he is beset on each side by a gentleman (one on each). A white man on a subway reading a magazine sitting between two men of Middle East ethnicity. Three men are sitting next to each other and the man in the middle is reading a book. A man is sitting between two other men on a subway while reading a magazine.	A man winding up.	contradiction
Man in business suit presents slide show to a conference audience. A man in a suit presents a presentation to woman wearing black. A man is giving a presentation using a projector. A man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.	Guys shoveling.	contradiction
A woman in a green blouse and black skirt sitting on a bench in front of an elephant model. A woman wearing a green shirt is sitting on a bench in front of two elephant statues. A woman sits on a bench in front of an elephant display in a museum. A woman poses in front of two large elephant statues in a museum.	Two woman standing in a kitchen.	contradiction
A football game amongst young boys, one team has maroon uniforms and you see about five of them, and other team has white and blue uniforms and you see only one of them, crowd of watchers sitting on sidelines in the background. A group of young boys playing football in full pads and uniforms. Junior High football players line up for the next play. The essence of nothingness.	A child holding a girl.	contradiction
Two Asian men are leading a group of children in a game that involves touching your head. Two men holding their hands on their heads and talking to a group of children. Two male teachers lead a group of young children in exercise. Two men are entertaining a group of children.	Three men standing next to each other.	contradiction
Two toddles play in a colorful padded play area. Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area. Some toddlers are playing in a foam playpen. Two toddlers play together.	A child playing with babies.	contradiction
A man leaning on the side of a building is playing the accordion. An aged man stands against a wall playing an accordion. A mustachioed man plays the accordion on the street. A man plays an accordion outdoors.	A man turning on the light.	contradiction
A large, white bird skates across the top of some water. White bird starting to take flight from a lake. The large white bird grazes the water. White bird in water preparing to fly.	A black and white animal flying.	neutral
A person in a Statue of Liberty costume with shades stands motionless in a crowd of people. A human statute dressed as the Statute of Liberty stands among a crowd. Man looking at The Statue of Liberty with sunglasses on. A mock Statue of Liberty is standing in the crowd.	Workman standing.	contradiction
Two men stand at a chalkboard that forms part of a stone wall in front of a number of tables and chairs of which only a few are occupied. Two men confer while standing in a front of a stone wall with writing on it, while others sit at outdoor tables in the background. Two students having a conversation on the other side of a concrete wall, which has a common sitting are on the other side. Two men are discussing sometime near a wall with some graffiti on it.	A lady talking to a man.	contradiction
An older woman wearing sunglasses is looking through her purse in a crowded marketplace. An elderly Asian couple looks at the wares of a street vendor. An elderly woman going through her purse on a busy street. An Asian man and woman on a crowded street.	People try to sell the harvest.	neutral
A girl wearing a baseball cap, white t-shirt and blue shorts is standing in a rock-bottomed, forest-lined mountain stream. A young girl is stranded in front of a large rock in the middle of a river. A woman in blue shorts is walking near a large rock in a shallow river. Person in white shirt and blue shorts in the water next to a big rock.	Chef standing.	contradiction
The baby in the red outfit is sitting in the middle of a basketball arcade game. The little girl is sitting under the basket while the man throws the ball. There is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler. A little girl plays on a toy basketball game.	Guys holding hands.	contradiction
What looks to be a Japanese couple stand close to each other, the boy in a white shirt, the girl in a yellow, against the railing of a walkway. A man in a white shirt is leaning against a railing with a woman in a yellow shirt. A young man and women standing next to a rail at school. A couple having some alone time.	A man arrives.	contradiction
Two dogs are running towards the water through brown grass. The dogs run through the field near the water. Two dogs run two a pond on a winter day. Two dogs are running toward the water.	Two dogs playing outside.	entailment
Elderly male accordion player plays in the street in front of a boutique wearing a blue vest, sunglasses, and a white hat with a red scarf on. A man playing an accordion on the street in front in front of a store. An old man with a hat and sunglasses is playing an accordion. An old man with a beige hat playing on his black accordion.	Man sings into microphone while playing an instrument.	neutral
A photograph taken at night of a street scene and a man looking in the street This is a night view of a city street with people and traffic. A man looks across a city street at night. A man sits in the city at night.	A woman riding her bike behind a car.	contradiction
A street market where goods of fruit and vegetables are being sold by three men, one wearing a long-sleeve white shirt and checked bottoms, the next wearing a yellow shirt with green checkered bottoms, and the last in red. Three Indian men are sitting together with baskets of fresh fruit, vegetables, and herbs in baskets at their feet. A group of men selling fruit and vegetables on the side of the road. Med sit with their produce in a street market.	Woman selling at a marketplace.	contradiction
A young woman wearing shorts and a tank top is sitting on an outdoor swing. Happily, a young woman tries out her new oversized rope swing. A young woman on a rope and plank swing in an outdoor setting. A happy girl swings on her porch.	Two ladies having fun.	contradiction
Three men stand around an outside grill cooking hamburgers. Three men are having are making burgers on the grill. Three men cooking hamburgers on a barbecue. Two men watch a third man grill meat.	A man crouching.	neutral
Three children do jumping jacks in a public place while a man sits and looks on. Three children jumping while an older man watches from a row of chairs nearby. Three young children jump while an older man watches from his seat. The children of a family play while they wait.	A child swings in a child's swing.	contradiction
A man, mouth agape, and wearing a multicolored behind a podium with writing on the front of it with upside down buckets to his left and crates to his right. An African American man surrounded by empty overturned white buckets and dark colored crates expresses himself through a message handwritten on cardboard. A homeless man holding a sign surrounded by buckets and crates. A black man plays a makeshift drum set with a cardboard sign.	A man skating.	contradiction
A man in a white jacket walks underneath a bridge and is highlighted by a ray of light. A man in a tan jacket is walking under a dark bridge. A man in a suit is walking under a metal bridge. A man in a suit is walking.	Man having meal.	contradiction
An elderly man holds a can behind his back as he strolls by a beautiful flower market. An older man with a cane walks along a row of flowers. Elderly man with a cane examines flowers at a florist. An old man is walking past by a flower's shop.	A man doing a headstand.	contradiction
Four men, dressed in white overall suits that prevent infection, are in a room with mechanical equipments and a ladder. Engineers in full bodysuits and gloves are working around metal machines. The men are wearing white suits to protect themselves. Workers in suits performing tasks in a laboratory.	A man standing with his foot on a chair.	neutral
A woman sitting in a chair attached to a long wooden arm with a crowd gathered around her. A group of people gathered around looking at two men lifting a woman on a wooden seesaw. A girl sits on a wooden device suspended in air while two men hold her in place. A man dressed like a pirate sings while a woman sits on a giant seesaw.	A bearded man talks.	neutral
There are three people in this picture, a man who is looking through some object, another looking at something else perhaps not in the picture, and a little girl with her mouth open wide. A man looks bored while another man looks through two jewelers microscopes while a kid is entertained. A man looks through binoculars, while a young girl opens her mouth in exclamation. A man examines eyepieces with another man and an amused child.	Boys gathering.	contradiction
These two young boys with blue and gray shorts, smile for the camera before they go play outside. Two small Asian boys are posing for camera in a green gated room. Two young boys look out from behind a curtain. Two young boys playing hide and seek.	A child has a pacifier.	neutral
A group of young girls smiling with a large crowd behind them Four young girls pose for a picture at school Four young girls posing for the camera. Four girls pose in front of a crowd.	A group of kids standing.	neutral
A man reads the newspaper while holding a sign advertising a menswear liquidation sale. A man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing A man prepares to put on a sandwich board advertising an eBay business. A man in a white shirt holds a sign while reading a newspaper.	Men standing in front of a fire.	neutral
A line forms outside a mobile sharping truck with various items in hand. A man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat. A woman standing on the street is conversing with a man on a truck. Some people gathering by a truck.	Woman enjoying herself.	neutral
A man wearing a helmet in a Pyranha kayak floats down some river rapids. A man in a yellow jacket is floating on the river in a green kayak. A man in a small kayak is floating down the river. A man is kayaking down some calmer rapids.	A man surrounded by others.	contradiction
You have two guys in a breakdance battle and one of them is doing a move called the hollow back. There is a young man in the middle of a complicated dance, and his friends are cheering him on. A small crowd of people watch a guy in red shorts flip his body on a flat surface. A child in a basketball outfit is doing a backflip as other boys cheer him on.	A woman cheering.	neutral
Pedestrians on the sidewalk on a block corner where a mural of an eye and Two raises hands has the writings "Stop the Violence" and "We (Heart) a Safe NY ". Apartment building on a street corner with graffiti on the building and people walking on the sidewalk in front of it. A mural with an eye and hands says "stop the violence, we heart a safe N.Y." A man is crossing the stop the violence painting.	A man has a Mohawk.	neutral
There are three men, one man is pointing, the other two men are wearing glasses and a hat. Two men waiting in the backseat of a car while the driver gets in to the driver's seat. Two men driving in a car, while one is pointing. A man in a black hat posses for a picture.	A man sitting on a red chair.	neutral
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean. A man in a blue kayak paddles in water. A man on the river in a blue kayak A man is kayaking in the ocean.	A man stands out.	neutral
A young girl in a black swimsuit, white bathing cap, and blue and yellow goggles sits on a blue riser chair. A young girl in a black bathing suit with a white swimming cap and goggles is smiling at the camera. A swimmer in a blue bathing suit is smiling for a photo. A happy young girl at a swim meet	Woman sitting down.	contradiction
The two girls are playing on a yellow sit-and-bounce. Two children sitting atop a large yellow bounce toy. Two girls bounce on a large yellow ball indoors. Two smiling girls sit on a yellow bouncy ball.	A partner sitting.	contradiction
Three fishermen are on a dock area all dressed in clothes appropriate for a wet environment sorting the days catch of fish Three men are handling fresh seafood at a dock wearing orange bottomed suits and hats while the sea appears behind them. Three men are working up fish on a stainless steel table outdoors right next to the water. Three men weigh fish as they come off the boat on a scale by the coast.	A man tries to stop a man.	contradiction
A group of college students sitting on a couch in a coffee shop discussing an exam they just took. Numerous people sitting in a dim lit room talking, drinking coffee and using computers. Young people are sitting and talking in a coffee bar. Their are young adult men and women socializing.	Groups stroll.	contradiction
A group of people gather on the grass field and throw a pink hoop. A group of people are playing with a large red ring. A group of people in a large yard toss a disc. Men playing with a red ring out in the field.	A father plays with his two children.	neutral
This woman in touching her hair while standing in front of some red and white background. A dark-skinned man in front of a vibrant red, black and white background. This biker takes a break in the shade next to a bright red wall. A woman wearing a ponytail standing in front of a red wall.	A woman walks.	contradiction
A man in a gray shirt, standing outdoors, holds something in his mouth and is passing it to the mouth of another man, who is dressed in a black shirt. Two men trading a sausage link with each other via mouth. Two men kissing with a sausage in their mouths. Two gay guys having fun with a wiener	Guy plays an instrument at a concert.	contradiction
Four young Asian boys hold bowls and chopsticks as they stand around a barbecue. Four young boys are standing around a grill. Four young teens having fun at a cookout. A group of Asians smiling and eating.	Child doing projects.	contradiction
A man with a hat is smoking a cigarette in front of another person and a body of water can be seen reflecting a building in the background. Two men are sawing a board of wood trying to complete their project, while one of those two men smokes a cigarette. Two men, one in a hat with a cigarette, saw a piece of wood on a boat. One man smoking a cigarette is talking to a man in a boat.	Some men singing.	contradiction
A bearded man standing across two ladders in an attic access door has a horrified expression on his face. This guy finally ran out of the 100 pound bag of meth he found, he finally comes down from the attic. A man standing on two ladders below an attic access door makes an extreme expression with his face. A man is standing on two ladders, looking scared.	A man tends to a lemonade stand.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt painting a duplicate copy of another painting hanging in an art gallery. This man is looking at a painting, with a brush in his hand. A male paused in thought while painting a picture. A man replicating a painting.	A man sprays.	neutral
Two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall. Two men are lifting a sheet of glass that has a blue piece of equipment attached to it. Two men smile as they open a garage type door. Two men carrying a large plate of glass.	A man waving.	neutral
A male wearing a green button up shirt is riding a bull at a rodeo. A man is riding a horse while the horse in bucking. A man is riding a bucking horse in an event. A dark-haired main on a bucking bronco.	A man asking for an autograph.	contradiction
Two young women in Middle-Eastern-style headscarves walk down a city street. Two women are conversing as they walk down the street. Two friends walking and talking with headdresses on. People going for a walk in a diverse city.	A person holding a megaphone.	contradiction
A trio of young men sing with microphones. Three young men singing with microphones. Three men are singing karaoke in a bar. Three men singing with two microphones.	A man handing a box to men.	contradiction
A dog wears an embellished bow while laying on a couch in the sunlight. A dog has its photo taken with a big bow made of ribbon on its head. A white dog has a red handkerchief over its face with gold stars. A dog with something on his or her head.	Dog plays with dogs on grass.	contradiction
The man is wearing safety gear while he is training the black dog. A black dog is jumping up, biting a man's padded arm. A man training a dog to attack his padded left arm. A dog leaps on a man.	A man walking barefoot.	contradiction
A bunch of younger people are lying and sitting n blankets in the grass. Many young people are sitting and laying on blankets in a field. Youths sit and lie on blankets spread over a field of grass. Young people laying on blankets in a park.	A man sitting playing a guitar.	contradiction
A man is talking into a microphone, there is a boy in the background, a man is playing a keyboard and is wearing a camouflaged jacket. A man is singing into a microphone whilst playing the keyboard, as a young child looks in from the background. A man is playing the keyboard and singing into a microphone while a young boy watches. A black man in an army jacket playing the keyboard and singing.	A teen singing.	neutral
A pony-tailed man in a yellow jacket is wearing a bicycle helmet. A man in a bright yellow jacket is wearing a helmet. The man has on a yellow jacket and a white helmet. A man in a florescent jacket is wearing a helmet.	Men deciding.	contradiction
From the inside of a car, a verdant neighborhood and a man on a tractor pulling a fallen tree are visible. A man is pulling a tree with his tractor through town. A man on a riding lawn mower is pulling a tree. A man is riding a lawn mower on the street.	Man doing some sort of work.	entailment
A businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary business in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table. A balding white-haired man talks on his cellphone outside while looking at a red notebook. A white-haired man in a white shirt looks at information in an orange-red binder. A man talks on his cellphone while leaning over some documents.	A guy coming out of a forest.	contradiction
People watch as a man does skateboard tricks down a table on the steps. A man rides a skateboard off of a picnic table over the steps. A skateboarder is jumping off a wooden table down some steps. A man skateboard down a railing.	A woman sitting next to a man.	contradiction
A gentleman is taking a rest in a child's playhouse. A shirtless man is lying in a colorful tent. A man is laying in a small multicolor tent. A white man is lying down in a small tent.	A man drives.	contradiction
The image is of a pilot wearing a white shirt at the controls of an airplane. Pilot with a headset on and adjusting controls. A pilot is driving a small engine airplane. A pilot sits in front of a control panel.	On a street a man sits.	contradiction
A child wearing gray shorts and pink-bottomed sneakers crawls through a window. A child wearing pink soled sneakers is climbing headfirst through a window. A child's legs while squeezing through a dog door. A kid climbs through a small door.	Kids sitting down.	contradiction
A group of children, two separate teams, green and red, playing soccer. Young kids playing soccer on a lush, green field. Five children playing soccer. Little kids playing soccer.	A boy swimming.	contradiction
Two archers compete, one wearing an orange shirt and another wearing a red shirt. An archer releases his arrow while another awaits his turn. An archery competition with two men playing The man in orange just released his arrow.	A guy has a hat.	neutral
A man and a woman and a young child surrounded by various birds. A couple and their baby feed pigeons at a park. A man sitting on a park bench watching pigeons. A large flock of pigeons is swarming at a man.	A blond sitting.	neutral
A dog is jumping and catching a small, blue ball in a park surrounded by two other dogs. Three dogs run on grass, one leaps to catch blue ball. A dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth. A dog jumps in the air to catch a blue ball.	A light brown dog jumps.	neutral
Several people are washing themselves off using showers at the beach. Beach-goers in bathing suits use the outdoor showers on a pier. Two obese women are pulling ropes at the pier. Obese women at public showers on sand.	A woman and elderly men standing.	neutral
A man in an olive cardigan and a woman in a yellow jacket and olive scarf walking down the street. A man and woman wearing black sunglasses walking in the city. A couple of adults wearing sunglasses cross West 23rd Street. A man and woman cross the street.	A woman doing a kick.	contradiction
A man uses two sticks to control two tan goats in a pen while a black and white dog watches. A black and white dog is staring at two brown lambs. A man in a pink shirt herding goats in a ring The dog is herding sheep into a pen.	A man wanders.	neutral
A woman wearing a hat, sunglasses, and a black jacket is sitting on the ground with a purse right next to her. A woman with brown hair and large sunglasses is staring at something outside of the picture. A woman wearing a hat is sitting on the ground talking on the phone. Young woman sitting outside wearing sunglasses.	A woman cleaning.	contradiction
Two performers wearing black slacks and strumming their guitars are sitting on foldout chairs and entertaining people in public. People sit and listen to a few men playing guitars in a courtyard. Two men play acoustic guitar in a public place. Two men wearing boots are playing guitar	A group sitting on the floor.	neutral
Young people with matching hairstyles pose for the camera under a white umbrella. People try to escape from the rain with the help of an umbrella. Some Asian punks are standing in the rain. Three Asian youth pose for a photo.	Men standing talking to each other.	neutral
Two women in dark clothes are taking a picture with a man in a colorful coat. A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies. Three people, faces obscured, standing in formal dress. A group of three people walking together.	Two women holding drinks.	neutral
A man is in the kitchen cutting up chicken and vegetables on the counter, preparing a meal. A man is cutting raw meat next to a plate of vegetables. Man cutting up his food to put on a plate. A man preparing food in a kitchen.	A third man stands.	contradiction
Three boys are sitting down watching or listening to someone or something. Here are 3 middle eastern boys deeply absorbed in a lecture. Several boys dressed in dark colors are sitting down. Three young boys pay attention to something.	Others in a group watches.	neutral
Two men, arms crossed, with brown and blue jackets are having a discussion on a corner with a graffiti covered building behind them. Two men on the street in the daytime standing in front of a graffiti inscribed building. Two men converse near a wall with graffiti on it. Two men talking next to a building.	Asian men looking at something.	neutral
Many men and women, in casual clothes, sitting on stools under green and yellow tents. People gathering in the shade of dark green umbrellas at the beer garden. Several different people sit underneath umbrellas, talking and drinking. People enjoying the day at a get together.	Animals gather.	contradiction
A dog stands on its hind legs to catch a ball in its mouth. The leashed dog jumps high to catch the old soccer ball. A dog jumps to catch a toy near a brick house. The brown dog jumps up to catch the ball.	Large dog playing with a dog.	contradiction
Blond child with large black coat, multicolored scarf, and knit hat standing in front of a window. A younger boy is wearing a striped scarf and stocking cap. A child standing outside in a matching cap and scarf. Young boy is dressed for cold weather.	A child has their arms through a steering wheel.	contradiction
A group of kids with an adult in the background coaching them while they are pulling on a green rope. Several young boys are pulling a rope in a park. Children fight to win a tug-of-war battle. Children are playing tug-of-war.	Children sit.	contradiction
Two men kickbox in a ring, one man punching the other. A boxer punches a boxer in the face. A kickboxer jumping for a kick Two boxers are in the ring.	Woman kicking.	contradiction
A tan dog carrying a stick runs over a garden hose lying in a low cut grassy area. A small tan dog running in the grass with a stick in his mouth A blond dog runs in the grass holding a stick in its mouth. A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.	Three dogs jumping.	contradiction
A large group of youths in similar red and white outfits play musical instruments in a stadium. Musicians dressed in red and white shirts and khaki pants, performing at a sports arena. A pep band in red and white uniform is playing while seated in a stadium. A band wearing red and white shirts playing their instruments at a game.	A musician sits.	entailment
A man in a red, short-sleeved shirt sits on the bank as he fishes. A man in a red shirt is sitting on some grass and fishing. Man in red shirt fishes from seated position. A man in red shirt and blue hat fishing.	An older Asian man sitting.	entailment
A young girl in pink pants with white polka dots is studying something in her hand as she sits in a lush forest. A very young blond girl wearing pink pants with white polka dots is sitting on a wooded trail in a forest. A little blond girl sits on a trail to examine something more closely. A young girl is exploring the woods.	Boys and a baby sitting.	contradiction
A man wearing a tuxedo and a woman in a white dress. The man is walking the bride down the aisle. A bride and groom leaving after the wedding. A man and bride walk down the aisle	An individual walking.	entailment
A golden haired dog is running over a red ramp with onlookers nearby. A brown dog leaps over a red ramp at an agility park. Dog climbing up and over and red wooden ramp. The brown dog jumped the red obstacle.	A dog looks at a black dog.	neutral
This young man is wearing blue jeans and a cowboy hat, and is walking away from a calf that is currently roped within an arena. A man in a western outfit walks in a rodeo ring next to a fallen lassoed calf. A cowboy drags a steer during a rodeo show. A cowboy walks away after lassoing a calf.	Two cowboys lasso a cow.	entailment
A flock of brown and white geese are walking through grass with a black and white dog nearby. A black and white dog following behind some spotted geese. A black and white dog stalks a flock of five geese. A group of ducks in a field.	A dog and a dog standing near each other.	contradiction
A fisherman throws his net off of a pier in the early morning or late evening. A man throws a net off of a boat while children watch. A man throws a fishing net into the bay. Man in silhouette casts net into water.	A man having his picture.	contradiction
A man wearing a white striped shirt is dancing in the center of the dance floor with a woman in a showy black and white dress and high black leather boots. A man in white pants and white, pin striped shirt, and a woman with a short black and white dress are dancing on a tile dance floor. A woman in a short black and white dress dances with a man wearing white pants and striped shirt. A man in a striped shirt dancing with a woman in a black and white dress in front of onlookers.	Cheerleaders dancing.	neutral
A man sells a product in the street as people pass by. The shadows of three people are cast on a white wall. A stairway with green plants growing on the side. People are walking around an urban area.	A man in a button up shirt making a speech.	contradiction
A girl with a painted cat face sits on top of a woman's shoulders as she takes a picture of another red-haired woman dress as an angel. Young girl wearing black with three women dressed in angel costumes. A girl with a painted face took a picture of an angel. There are three women dressed like angels.	An Asian woman holding a sign.	contradiction
An old gentleman plays music on the street for money with a young boy by his side. A man and a boy playing an instrument for spare change on a sidewalk. A man playing an instrument seated next to a boy on the street. A man playing a musical instrument beside a boy on a street.	A teen sitting.	neutral
A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt, wearing a bib number from a marathon, holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress. Mother and daughter stand together happily after daughter is presented with a trophy. A blond woman and a brunette woman pose with a trophy. Two girls pose with trophy at crowded event.	A dog poses.	contradiction
A blond woman with a 40s hairstyle and leopard print shirt. A blond woman and a redheaded woman are standing outside. Two women with hair all done up taking a photo. Two women looking off at some distant event.	A girl falling.	contradiction
Several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table. A lot of old people in warm clothes are standing or sitting around a table. A group of old people gathered around in a circle. A group of people are gathered in a public area.	A cat stands.	contradiction
A girl in a multicolored striped outfit is standing with her family. A young Asian girl dressed in pastel colors stands with her family. Children woman and man in a park looking around a park A woman and two children sightseeing.	A vendor standing.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt and sunglasses on top of his head, is lying with his head resting on a bookbag, and has his eyes closed. A young man has fallen asleep outside while resting his head on his backpack. A young oriental man naps on a bench with his bookbag behind his head. A person resting with sunglasses on.	Guys wrestling.	contradiction
Workers getting ready to begin an evening shift in a nearby company's complex in town Two people standing at a train terminal waiting for the train. Two male figures stand in a bright space outside a doorway. Two people looking at each other inside a corridor.	A child playing near a lake.	contradiction
A black woman and an older white woman donning blue hairnets are working in a kitchen while conversing. Two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters. Two food service workers preparing food in a commercial kitchen. Two lady's cleaning some pot's.	A woman moves.	entailment
A vendor in Mexico pushes an ice cream cart past an armed security guard in front of a shop. A street vendor pushes ice cream past the open entrance of a wholesale store. A man pushing a cart selling treats of some kind. A man pushing a cart with a blue wheel.	A man chopping wood.	contradiction
A football player in a blue "Rams" jersey runs with a football on a field, as another player in a white jersey falls in an attempt to tackle him. A football player running with the ball down the field as another player goes in for the tackle. A boy is attempting to break free from a tackle while running with the football during a game. One boy is tackling the other while playing football.	Businessman runs.	contradiction
Two men are toasting a cup of beer together, while another watches. Two men posing for a picture while getting ready to have a drink. Two men drinking beer with another in the background. Two men enjoying a beer in a restaurant.	Two men climb a plant.	contradiction
A woman with a crossbody black purse is walking near a stairway with silver railing. A woman standing by a rail and a man's reflection. A woman standing wearing gray holding a black bag. A woman standing with a gray jacket.	A man doing a handed handstand.	contradiction
A group of men standing in front the doorway of a building which appears to be a restaurant with a gentleman sitting in front with a case A group of men are crowded into a doorway at night, standing underneath and R and B Festival sign. There are ten people inside an open room listening to someone playing the guitar. Crowd gathers at a local bar.	A crowd enjoying themselves.	entailment
Three young men are seated at a table playing a game of Monopoly while drinking sodas and one man is shoving the other away from him. Three young men playing a game of Monopoly in which two of them are physically arguing. Three young men are playing around while playing Monopoly at a table. Three guys in jeans playing Monopoly at a table.	A man conducting.	contradiction
Three men are standing in a dark market with bright red and yellow goods. A group of Indian men sell their goods in a market. A group of natives are gathered at a native shop. A few men examine colorful items at a market.	Musician stands.	contradiction
A well-seasoned jazz musician playing his saxophone performing at a local concert. A man in a blue shirt with white flowers is playing a saxophone. An older man in a blue and white shirt plays a saxophone. A man with silver hair and a beard plays the saxophone.	A man plays an instrument in a public area.	entailment
A man in a black vest tries to open the window of a white and yellow van. A man looking out of the window of a vehicle. A man is looking outside his van. A man looking out of his window.	A man meditating.	contradiction
A man dressed up in costume as a soldier getting prepared for battle. A re-enactment actor in a white shirt brandishing two flintlocks. A man dressed in a frontier uniform is holding a rifle. A man dressed as a soldier carrying guns.	A man rushing.	neutral
Toddler boy wearing airplane shirt, in stroller with large beads. A little boy in a beige outfit. A toddler is sitting down. A boy sits in his seat.	Some men sitting.	contradiction
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky. A man is doing a trick on a bicycle in the air. The boy is doing a jump in the air on his bike. A BMX rider airborne on his bike	A man falling over.	contradiction
A very proud looking chubby oriental man selling crops on the street with a cigarette on his lips. Surrounding some vegetables, a person sits on the ground and smiles. A man is selling vegetables at an outdoor market. A lady selling her produce from her garden.	Friends smiling.	contradiction
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children. A girl crouches and moves between two women while outside on a sunny day. Three women participate in a dance at a campsite. A young girl and two friends are playing.	A woman holds a baby.	contradiction
Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside. A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles. A half naked man is sleeping on his chair outdoors. Man relaxing in a folding chair on the street.	A man sitting in a mailbox.	contradiction
A man in an orange hat and brown jacket and pants running on snow in snowshoes. A man with snowshoes is running through the snow. A man in snowshoes runs across the snow. A man running in the snow on a cold day	A man with a shirt and pants walking.	contradiction
The lined invisible wall surrounding a bench where a man with a laptop sits. A man in a hat sitting at a bus stop on a laptop. A person uses his or her laptop in a kiosk. Some is waiting at a bus stop station	A black-haired man stands.	neutral
Two girls are jumping over another girl, while a smaller girl watches. A group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor. Three people are jumping over a boy lying down on the floor. Four girls in a building playing with each other	A child is about to walk.	neutral
A dog being held by a harness on a waterboard over splashing water with a tube structure in the background. A man is suspended above water while holding a large ski that is shaped like a skateboard. Waterskier jumps off the water's surface, unknown structure in background. A water boarder being towed during a jump.	A man climbing up.	contradiction
A man in a long black coat with a walking stick is walking next to a bus where the passenger is resting his head on his hand. A man in a long coat with a cane walking down a sidewalk as seen from inside a bus, where another man is resting. A kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down. He want to catch the bus and go to his place.	A child diving.	contradiction
In a crowded concert a man in white is approaching the main singer who is wearing a yellow shirt. A man wearing a yellow t-shirt is shouting into a microphone while an audience is listening. A man in an orange shirt sings for the crowd below a sign that says Lucky 13. A punk rocker screaming on stage at concert.	A group lining up.	contradiction
Person performing a move on a mountain bike with trees and hill behind him. A man on a bike performs a stunt where he jumps for air off of a ramp. A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area. A person on a bicycle jumping over a dirt hill.	A rider jumping over a barrier.	entailment
An older mustached gentleman with glasses and a hat strums an electric guitar in front of a blue microphone. A mustachioed man with a plaid shirt and cap plays an electric guitar while standing at a microphone. A man with glasses and a mustache plays an electric guitar while standing behind a microphone. A white man with a mustache is playing guitar.	Some men talking.	contradiction
A group a five people wearing the same shirt are sitting on the grass with a dog. Four women, one child and a black and white dog sit outside at a social event. People sitting on the grass with a black and white dog. Good friends at a park gathering.	A child smiling for a picture.	neutral
A man on a bus drives past another man on the street. A man riding a bus passes a man on the sidewalk. A man is waiting for a bus at the bus stop A bystander watches a bus go past.	A woman rides a bike on the pavement.	contradiction
A guy with a goatee is smiling at the camera while a female hugs him from behind. A brown-haired male that has a browned haired lady on his back. A drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man. Two friends partying together.	A woman stands with her arms in the air.	contradiction
A grandma dressed in white and blue striped shirt and blue shorts poses with two children wearing white shirts. A grandma and two grandkids in shirt and shorts are posing for a picture. Three people sitting on a ledge near a garden posing for the camera. A woman and two girls sitting on a bench taking a picture.	Women converse with each other.	neutral
A man sits on a beach staring out into the ocean where a rainbow is beginning to form. One person is sitting on a beach with a rainbow in the background. A man enjoys a distant rainbow sinking over the ocean. This person is sitting and looking out to the ocean.	A person flipping food in a frying pan.	contradiction
One person pulls a cart full of items across a road that is very busy with cars and motorcycles. The man is in a hurry to pull the full garbage cart across the busy street. This worker is pushing his cart through the busy traffic alone. A man is pulling a heavily-laden yellow cart through traffic.	A guy bowling.	contradiction
Several people, including a shirtless man and a woman in purple shorts which say "P.I.N.K." on the back, are walking through a crowded outdoor area. A shirtless man and three women walk outside near a street cafe. Four people dressed for warm weather out on a street walking. These people are walking in a crowd of people.	Two men are each playing a violin.	contradiction
A man with no shirt sits on a rock in front of a blue building with a tin roof. A man wearing no shirt is sitting outside a barn on a rock A shirtless man sitting on a rock by a blue building. A blue house with a shirtless man outside.	A man helping an older man.	contradiction
A woman wearing rubber gloves is kneeling on the ground next to a few round, colorful, Chinese lanterns. A lady with gloves on that is in the process of hanging different colored balloon like lights. A woman has a display of lights while a little boy plays in the sand nearby. A woman is kneeling near lanterns while a little boy plays in the sand.	A woman dries off a small dog.	contradiction
A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her. A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans walking down the street A man and a woman are walking around a path outside. A lady in a red shirt walking down a sidewalk.	A man sitting.	contradiction
A girl wearing glasses hold a girl the same age wearing a red sweatshirt and yellow galoshes. A brunette child with glasses holding a blond child wearing a red sweater and yellow boots. A young girl has lifted her friend and is carrying her in her arms. Two young girls pose for a picture with one carrying the other.	A woman holding a plate.	contradiction
A bearded man and a bald man carrying prizes at a carnival. Two men standing in front of an amusement park ride Two men one with a beard at a carnival. Two bearded men at a fair.	A man holding an umbrella.	neutral
A man in black is riding a bike in the parking lot. A bicyclist dressed in all black in traffic. A man riding a bike near traffic. A man riding his bike in traffic	A man doing something.	entailment
A young boy plays basketball while a few people behind him look on. A boy holds a basketball during a game, while others watch. A boy is holding a basketball in one hand. A boy throws a basketball during a game.	A child standing.	neutral
A man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds. Two people sit on a bench enjoying nature as a huge cloud looms overhead. A man and a woman are sitting on the deck of a boat. Two people are sitting probably in a training field.	Rabbits sit.	contradiction
A white-haired conductor is standing in front of an orchestra which is also standing, instruments in hand. After a great performance, man experiences a standing ovation after receiving an award. A Concert master receiving standing applause for a great performance. Symphony director smiling while the musicians look on.	Guys yelling.	contradiction
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach. Two children are playing in deep muddy water. Two boys playing in dirty water Two muddy boys swim.	Several kids standing.	neutral
Two women sit very close and pose for their picture to be taken. Two young women pose and smile in a darkly lit area. Two female friends pose for a picture at night. Two smiling women pose for a picture.	A woman baking.	contradiction
Three Asian men are running down a track holding hands while a large gathering of people watches them. Three men in long-sleeve shirts are running while holding hands. Three Asian men run while holding hands on a track. Three friends run on racetrack holding hands.	A man shaves.	contradiction
A man in a sleeveless blue shirt and athletic pants punches a punching bag. There is a man in a blue sleeveless shirt using a black punching bag. A man wearing a blue sleeveless shirt punching a punching bag. A man punches a heavy bag in a gym with wood floors.	Boxers punching.	entailment
Men singing blues in one of the lovely orchestra episodes courtesy of Shell corporation of America. A man in a pink short-sleeved shirt, standing in front of a microphone and playing his guitar. A band member in a pink shirt is singing and playing the guitar. A man wearing a pink shirt is playing guitar and singing.	A man with a jacket playing an instrument.	neutral
A man in a pink shirt is standing next to two younger men in a dark room. Two men having a conversation in a dark bar. Two men wearing black shirt talking in a bar A few people at a bar.	A man holding a chain.	contradiction
A blond woman dressed in a white skirt with pink polka dots and a "Pink Ladies" leather jacket and a man in a black leather jacket and sunglasses wait on a sidewalk. A woman wearing a pink ladies jacket and polka dot skirt with red shoes stands by a man in a leather coat. The woman in the pink and white dress is holding a bottle of water. The older lady in the white skirt is wearing pink shoes.	Students stand.	neutral
A crowd of people gathers around the Oxford Circus Station in London. Many people gathered around the Oxford Circus Station. There is a massive crowd by Oxford Circus Station. A crowd gathers at a train station.	A large group reading.	neutral
Three males are jumping on a trampoline outside. The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline. A man and two small boys jump on a trampoline. A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.	Men listen.	contradiction
A man and a woman, both holding packets, talk to two seated men in a well-lit lobby area. A guy and a girl going to a restaurant to eat food and stop and talk to people. A man and woman with name tags on chat with others in a hotel lobby. A couple looks somewhat pleased to be photographed in a lobby.	A woman rowing.	contradiction
A child in red and white striped pajamas is standing and holding her arms up. A young girl in striped pajamas holding her arms up. A child is wearing red and white striped pajamas. A family gathered opening presents.	A kid walking.	contradiction
A young man in a blue checkered dress shirt sits with a young woman in a black and white striped shirt and another young woman in a white shirt as they sit on each of his legs in a park. Young man sitting on fencing in front of beautiful flowers garden holding two young ladies on his knees. Two Asian ladies sitting on a man's lap outside in a garden. The two girls are sitting on a man's lap and smiling.	A woman sits on a short wall.	contradiction
A man wearing shorts a long with many other people are sitting in the snow. People hanging around in the snow with summer attire on. A guy in shorts and a t-shirt is laying on the snow. Several people sitting, relaxing in the snow.	A man has paint.	neutral
A kid with blond hair is playing in balls and reaching up to grab someone's hand. A happy child is getting a helping hand out of the box of Nerf balls. A boy is playing in a room full of balls. Young child playing in a ball pit.	A boy talking.	neutral
A small dog stands next to a larger dog, out in a field. A large and small dog interact in a grassy field. Two dogs stand side by side in the yard. Two dogs standing in the field.	Some dogs swimming.	contradiction
There is a person with a white hat, blue coat and blue scarf passing a group of stands with various items for sale. A lady with a blue coat is seen riding a bike in front of a store. A man biking by a sigh next to things for sale. Women cycling past a small store.	A man sweating.	neutral
A group of young people with white "Volunteer for Parks" t-shirts gathers under an awning; a blond with a ponytail and green hat is in the foreground. A group of people are on a covered area talking, and some of them are wearing volunteer for parks t-shirt. A group of girls wearing "Volunteer for Parks" t-shirt are standing outside a building. Women waiting in line to use the ladies room.	A group swimming.	contradiction
Two guys at the beach playing in the sand, with one friend attempting to jump-kick the other. Boy in blue shorts attacks boy in white shorts with a flying jump kick. Two boys in swim trucks practice their kung fu moves on the beach. Two Guys are on the beach playing what it looks like matrix.	Men having a beer.	contradiction
An Asian girl in a pink, white and gold leotard dances and holds onto a blue hula hoop. A young gymnast in a burgundy and silver leotard performs a routine. A performer, probably a gymnast performing a stunt. Ice skater stretching her legs before performing.	A blond woman dances.	contradiction
A man sits playing his accordion and he has a suitcase filled with CDs that he is selling for $ 15.00. A man is sitting outside with his suitcase open playing the accordion. A man in a restaurant playing an accordion. An old street musician playing music.	An older man smiles.	neutral
Three women, all holding maroon folders and wearing white shirts and black pants are singing in a choir. A group of people are outside a building singing songs from a book. People sing with large maroon books. A choir sings outside together.	Some members of a choir singing.	entailment
A man dressed in a red robe is walking towards a giant red and white pillars. A woman wearing traditional Japanese attire walking. An Asian woman walks to a pillar next to a building. A woman walking in china.	Ladies stand next to a railing.	entailment
A man waring a polo shirt fixes a ticket machine while persons line up at an adjoining machine. A woman dressed in black with shopping bags is waiting on the sidewalk. A male worker with his tool box is kneeling next to two women. A man working on a ticket box.	Women stand by a sink.	contradiction
A child surrounded by adults in lawn chairs being splashed out of a bottle of water. A young boy smiling with people looking in his direction and a bottle to his left A child is squirted with water while older people sit and watch. The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade.	A little boy points.	neutral
A young woman in a green shirt and blue shorts is walking past a man with a grocery card full of clothes. A homeless man in a white t-shirt and black pants on the sidewalk. A homeless man stand between two pedestrians on a street corner. A man is by a shopping cart with people walking on the street.	A man holds up a ball.	neutral
A couple talking together having drinks in a quiet booth. A man and a woman are sitting at a table with drinks. Two people are sitting and enjoying some beverages. Couple having cocktails at a club.	Some men posing.	neutral
A group of men and one laughing woman at an outdoor festival. A bunch of men in white shirts are standing a circle. Men enjoying a sandwich at a street fair. People of Latin descent having a party.	A man walking.	contradiction
An older couple shares a loving moment leaning over a railing overlooking the ocean. An elderly couple enjoy some time alone on the boardwalk overlooking the ocean. A man and woman stand at a railing looking across a vast water body. This is a couple in love.	A couple having lunch.	contradiction
A man singing with his eyes closed and holding a microphone, with a woman behind him playing an electric bass guitar. A man singing on stage with a female musician accompanying. A man singing with a microphone with a girl playing a guitar A man singing while a woman plays guitar.	A woman sitting up.	contradiction
A woman in a very light sundress strikes an open-armed, high-legged dance pose in a wide open space surrounded by mountains. A ballet dancer is dancing with the mountains in the background. A ballerina dancing in front of a mountainous landscape. A woman in a white dress is dancing on the beach.	A gentleman dancing.	contradiction
Four ladies are sitting on a bench while 3 are stand close by. An elderly group of ladies sitting and standing by a bench. A group of females are sitting down on a bench. About six older women sit at a bench and talk.	Woman continues.	neutral
An upside down man is performing using a powerful statement near a construction site. A man doing a headstand in front of orange and white barricades. A man standing on his head in a street to earn living. A man is hanging upside down.	A guard standing.	contradiction
A man with long hair and a western hat sings and plays the guitar as he sits by the road with his tip jar nearby. A man with a cowboy hat is playing a guitar and singing in a neighborhood, for tips. Longhair cowboy plays guitar and drinks moonshine from a jug. A man in a cowboy hat is singing and playing a guitar.	Three men playing baseball.	contradiction
A man with a cast is using a camcorder to record an enjoyable event. A man in a cast uses a camcorder while another man watches him. A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles. A man makes a video while another watches.	A man squatted down.	neutral
A man is standing on a street corner and smoking a cigarette. A man in a suit strokes his chin on a deserted street corner. A man in business attire stands a street corner. A man in a suit by a stoplight.	A man doing a project.	neutral
Two young Caucasian brunette girls sitting outside on a park bench talking and looking at their cellphones on a seemingly warm afternoon. Two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on. Two girls are sitting on a bench outside, and one of them is checking her cellphone. A young lady plays with her phone while sitting next to another lady in the park.	Woman signing.	contradiction
Three firemen are standing around two firetrucks, one with a beard is leaning against the firetruck, while the other two are talking to him. Firefighters on a scene with 2 trucks and four firemen present Firefighters relax after responding to an emergency. Three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck.	Several men relaxing.	entailment
A crowd of people are standing around on a sidewalk. A crowd of people are standing no a busy sidewalk. A group of people standing on a sidewalk. People standing on a crowded sidewalk.	A group rests.	neutral
A woman in a blue sweater, looks out of the window of a public transportation vehicle. A bus with passengers, one of them wearing a yellow backpack. A bus rider wearing a blue shirt looks out of the window. A woman in a blue top is sitting on a bus.	Some men sit on a bench.	contradiction
A boy and a large dog stand on a dock watching another dog swim in the water. A boy and a dog on a dock are watching another dog swim away. A boy and his dog are watching an object in the water. A boy and a dog stand on a dock watching another dog.	A brown dog sniffing a dog.	neutral
The man in the tan shirt gives to the man in the wheelchair and hat. A wheelchair bound person receiving a tip from a passerby. Elderly man in wheelchair begging for handout A man donates to a panhandler.	Some other men watch.	contradiction
A very handsome man is jogging down the sidewalk, away from a lighthouse. Runners are passing by a red and white lighthouse. Lighthouse in a wooded area sits above tree's. Runners in a race passing a lighthouse.	A man and a woman are about to kiss.	contradiction
A group of soccer players gathered on a soccer field. Two soccer team on a soccer field with the referee. Two soccer teams walking on a soccer field. Two soccer teams yelling at one another.	Passerby walks.	contradiction
The woman leans over and takes a bite of food from her plate. A woman is eating at a table as people walk by. A young woman eating salad bent over a table. A woman in a black shirt eating a salad.	A woman has headphones.	neutral
People who work in a restaurant are out on the balcony chatting with each other, one in black is sitting on the ledge. The three chefs and two waitresses are hanging out on the balcony. Chefs on a balcony take a break from work A group of chefs talking on a balcony.	A woman is sitting.	neutral
One person in short black hair wearing a purple scarf, is talking to a man that is sitting, wearing glasses and is staring at her. Two people engage in conversation over an interesting topic. A woman wearing a scarf is talking to a man wearing glasses. A man and a man talking near a table.	A woman texting.	contradiction
A man, in a green shirt, is attempting to light a firework near the water of a lake. A man in a green shirt is checking a thin pole stuck on the edge of a waterway. An old man squats near the water where there are boats docked. Older man measuring the water line of nearby shore.	A man talking.	contradiction
People looking at a counter of goods with flags from different countries hanging from the ceiling. Some people are looking at the selections in an indoor food court. A man in a store is standing and looking at grocery items. A customer is waiting for food service.	Deer stand.	contradiction
The two men on the scaffolding are helping to build a red brick wall. Construction workers are laying down red bricks for a new building. The construction workers lay bricks. Brick layers constructing a wall.	A man hands something to a man.	neutral
The man in the yellow t-shirt sat cross-legged on the couch as he listened to the woman on his right talk. A man and a woman are sitting on a couch next to other people behind a table full of papers. A group of people drinking and talking A group of friends are socializing.	A group speaks.	entailment
A boy on a black skateboard going down a ramp with a white building behind him Skateboard rider riding a skateboard down a wooden ramp. A boy wearing purple rides a skateboard up a ramp. A skateboarder uses a skateboard ramp.	A child does a trick.	entailment
A BMX racer comes down a hill; everything around him is a blur A mountain biker on a blue mountain bike gets air time. A mountain biker is going down a hill on his bike. A man in blue is riding a bicycle on a track.	A cyclist riding a dirt bike.	entailment
A man runs on the football field carrying the ball in front of the ref. A man runs with the football at a professional or collegiate game. The football player runs with the ball across the field. A UW football player runs with the ball.	A team member runs.	entailment
Two men play music near a mossy building, one a violin and the other a metal drum, as a man watches in the distance. A pair of young men, one with a violin and one with a metal drum, perform music in public. One man plays the violin while another drums on a piece of metal. Two men perform music on the street in front of a brick building.	A blond man plays an instrument.	neutral
A young man, dressed in black, cheering out of a crowd of people. A man cheers in front of a crowd gathered behind a banner. A woman is holding a black sign at a street rally. A woman in black cheering.	A man stands up.	neutral
A man walking a gray poodle is walking past a billboard with a cow on it. A busy sidewalk, overlooked by a painting of a cow. Three people walk by a mural of a cow. People walking in the platform.	Men and women walking in a park.	neutral
There are a couple of men and they have a farmers market set up in front of a building. Two people tend their vegetable stand on the sidewalk in front of an open doorway. An open air market in a poor and run down place. Two men are sitting behind a vegetable stall.	A man selling fruit and vegetables.	entailment
An elderly father and his grown son are preparing for a camping trip in the wild. Two men sit on the floor with camping equipment. Two men sitting on their living floor. Two guys sorting through some items.	A child sitting in a boat on a lake.	contradiction
A men's track meet with eight competitors, every other runner wearing orange. Racers are just beginning a race in an international competition. Racers from various countries run fast in a track competition. Eight men in different colored gear are racing on a track.	Some drivers racing.	entailment
A man and a woman wearing helmets and sunglasses are sitting outside in a park. A man and a woman both wearing helmets and the woman is also wearing a mask. Two people are wearing helmets and sunglasses on a sunny day. A woman with a mask sits behind a man on a motorcycle.	Guys wrestling.	contradiction
Two people look at two red motorcycles in a place where there are religious murals on the wall. Two people dressed in leather are standing beside their motorcycles. Two men getting ready to take a motorcycle ride. Two motorcycles and their riders.	Guy singing.	neutral
A young girl sitting on a white comforter on a bed covered with clothing, holding a yellow stuffed duck. A girl wearing pink shoes sits on a bed holding a stuffed animal. A girl with pink shoes sits on a bed with a stuffed monkey. A dark-haired girl woman wearing pink shoes sits on a bed.	Women huddling.	contradiction
A little girl is jumping into a breaking wave on the beach. This boy is spreading his arms while playing in the water. A young man playing in a wave at the beach A girl plays in the surf at the beach.	Child bending over.	neutral
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed. Couple posing for picture with white and yellow flowers in the background. A man and a woman smile for the camera while standing outside. A man and a woman in front of the yellow flowers.	An older woman sitting.	neutral
Swimmer in a red bathing suit, white cap, and blue goggles emerging from the water A person swimming in a pool wearing a red bathing suit and blue goggles. Swimmer in the water takes time to contemplate the race. A woman in a pool looking down.	Swimmers gather.	contradiction
A person wearing all white is sitting on concrete while a cat sits behind them. This striped tabby cat sits alone looking for some food on the street. A man drinking coffee does not notice a cat behind him. A man in all white sits outside with a feline friend.	A man breaks into a locker.	contradiction
A marching band member is wearing sunglasses and playing the trumpet. A marching band is standing outside a building in an urban area. A band stands and plays in a large space. Marching band standing in a public area.	Clowns standing.	contradiction
An older man in a blue suit is walking out of a building with the name "Grace" on the front of it. A bald man in a black suit is standing in front a building called Grace. A man in a suit walks away from the GRACE building. A large suited bald man is leaving a shop.	A man spray paints graffiti art.	contradiction
A man in a colorful button-up t-shirt is pouring what appears to be barbecue sauce onto something. A man in a flame-themed shirt is looking at barbecue tools. A man in a restaurant having lunch. An old man gets some barbecue	A woman sitting on a step.	contradiction
A young topless man carries a Brazilian flag whilst wearing a colorful bracelet on his arm and flowers around his neck The young man with the colorful flowered lei and colorful bracelets is holding a flag. A man without shirt but wearing a flower necklace is holding a flag pole A shirtless man wearing bracelets and a garland, carrying a pole.	Some men posing.	contradiction
Young man talking to his friend at what looks like to be a car racing event. A man in a white t-shirt sitting on the hood of a car. A young man drinking a soda on a green car. Two men sit on an old car.	A man trying to block a man from passing.	contradiction
Two young attractive women with shorts cross a street of a busy city. Two sexy ladies are crossing the street. Two girls are crossing the street. A very crowded city street.	Two women play chess.	contradiction
A woman and two boys are looking at a sheet of paper by an information kiosk. A woman and two boys looking at an information station. A mother and her sons look at an information kiosk. A mother and two children reading something	A woman flying through the air.	contradiction
An unknown animal or person is swimming in a natural lake setting. A dog is running through a lake towards some trees. A dog running into a pond to fetch something. A dog swimming in a pond.	Animals racing.	contradiction
A man in a black sweater holds a baby's arms as she attempt to take a few steps. A man in a black shirt and jeans playing with a young child in a pink sweater. Man in black shirt holding onto small child. A man is playing with a baby on a deck.	A person clapping and singing.	contradiction
A young boy dressed in a suit concentrates on his footwork with a peace sign in the air. A child wearing a blue shirt is walking on the street holding up two fingers. A small boy wearing a long-sleeved shirt and slacks is walking outdoors. A young boy walks down a sidewalk.	A boy eating.	contradiction
Two men in a foreign country smiling, one standing and one sitting with his legs crossed. A man sits on a colorful man-drawn carriage, while another man stands beside it. Two boys pose for a picture with their rickshaw. Two black males in front of a rickshaw.	A man laying down.	contradiction
Eleven people on ice painted with a target practicing the sport of curling. Several people practicing the sport of curling on an ice rink. Several people participate in curling in an indoor ice rink. Men brushing ice to move the weight to the target.	Two men painting a mural.	contradiction
A little boy with an orange shirt is playing outside with bubbles. A boy in jeans and an orange shirt chases bubbles in the air. A boy in an orange short plays in bubbles. A child blows bubbles outside.	A child running in the grass.	neutral
A person in navy blue top and pants is curving his body in midair while a person walks by and others look on. A gymnast in all black is performing on blue mats in the street as a small crowd watches. A man performs a back flip while preparing for an outdoor performance or competition. A guy doing a back flip over a blue mat in a park while others watch.	Many onlookers watch.	entailment
Three men and a woman posing on and around a large tree with many branches. Four people are sitting or standing around a tree talking. A group of people are congregating by a tree. Four people sitting in branches on a tree.	Men speaking to each other.	neutral
Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train. A group of travelers are in an airport, waiting for something. Asian people await the arrival of transportation. People are waiting in line for a train.	A crowd talking.	neutral
A flautist in a black shirt and green army hat plays on stage. Man in black shirt and tan cap, blowing flute. A man is playing the flute into the microphone. A man playing flute in front of a blond woman	White man playing an instrument.	neutral
A little child is sitting next to a beige colored dog. A little boy is petting a very large sleeping dog. A boy toddler climbs on a big white sleeping dog. A young boy plays with a sleeping tan dog.	An attendant sitting.	contradiction
A large group of people sit together in a small crowded area. A group of Asian people are crowded onto a floor resting. A group of people sit on a sidewalk. Asian people at a rescue shelter.	A group speaks.	neutral
A middle-aged man stands in wet, unpaved cement with a somewhat puzzled look on his face. A man is smoothing concrete inside a building wearing jeans and a wife-beater. An older man with a dirty shirt is working in construction. An older workman is standing in wet cement with a trowel.	A man holding a hose.	neutral
Two young women, one with blond hair in a ponytail, are sitting in a booth next to some potted plants. Two young women read magazines and chat next to plants in a cafe. Two women having a meal together at a restaurant. Two women are sitting at a table.	Two women using their phones.	contradiction
This dog is jumping through the water. A dog running through the water. A dog is a body of water. Wet dog jumping in water	Some dogs sleeping.	contradiction
Two young girls stand in the dirt road and smile at the camera. Two young, dark-skinned girls are smiling and laughing. Two smiling girls stand on a dirt road in India. Two young girls are smiling at the camera.	Two children, a boy and a child, walking.	contradiction
An older male in a plaid shirt working on making an object. Two men busy hand crafting items in their shop. Two men sharpening tools with stone wheels. A man is carving an object out of clay.	A man cleaning.	contradiction
A small group of adult males enjoy a conversation in an architecturally sound building. A group of college students gathering in the community center. People conversing in a casual setting. People standing in a corner.	A woman sits at a table with a cup.	contradiction
A smiling man leaning back from a table with an ashtray on top. A man wearing a black shirt laughs while sitting at the table. A man in black is sitting in a restaurant. A man sits at a table.	A man sitting looks out a window.	neutral
Four warmly dressed children sit by a cement wall covered in a blue blanket. Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors. Four children keeping warm under a blanket. Four children huddle under a blanket.	Son sitting.	neutral
A girl in a white cap eats a slice of fruit next to a girl in a blue cap who is eating chocolate. Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside. One young girl eats fruit while another eats chocolate. Two children taking in a snack.	Another child sweeps.	contradiction
Competing skier going down the course leaning to make a sharp turn. A slalom skier moving quickly downhill. A skier races down the mountain. A guy snowboarding down a hill.	Several skiers standing.	neutral
A woman in black clothes cleaning columns with a green bucket and orange gloves. This person is cleaning the building using a green bucket. A woman cleans white pillars in a temple in Thailand. Someone bent down cleaning poles.	Women standing.	neutral
Three women standing on a stage are singing while a small crowd watches below the stage. Three girls sing and one girl plays the guitar on a stage in front of a small crowd. Three women singers are performing on stage with a sun logo in the background. Three women are singing, and being photographed.	Women having a discussion.	contradiction
A group of farmers are working together to complete a plant related task. Four men are harvesting a crop on a farm. Four farmers working their field of hay. Five country farmers harvesting wheat.	Two men and a woman sit drinking beer.	contradiction
A young Asian girl dressed in red, white, and black sitting on a bench on a deck by water. A girl with three circles painted on her face sitting on a bench in front of a lake. Young girl with painted face and pigtails is sitting on a bench at water's edge. A young girl in pigtails sits barefoot on a bench, overlooking water.	Diners sitting.	contradiction
A man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married. This is a man and woman who are holding up a marriage certificate. Newlywed couple is posing with their marriage certificate. A man and woman holding a marriage certificate.	Man stands on equipment.	contradiction
An oriental woman wearing a black tunic, leggings and boots, stands outside a produce store. A woman wearing black with a white handbag is standing on the sidewalk in front of a market. The young lady is waiting on the sidewalk in front of a produce stand. A woman in a black coat stands on a curb outside a market.	A woman holding her baby.	contradiction
A man with a tattoo on the left side of his left leg plays a drum set while sitting under yellow lights. Seen from a low angle, a man in a tank top plays the drums. A drummer in blue shirt and shorts is performing on a stage. A man playing drums with a tattoo on his leg.	Father sitting.	neutral
A street vendor is set up in the middle of a street with his cart. A man in white t-shirt is holding umbrella and ice cream cart. The man is holding onto his food cart in the street. A man pushing a cart with an umbrella attached.	Man doing a grind.	contradiction
Some type of ceremony or concert is taking place as the photo is being taken from the middle aisle with the audience watches all the different string instruments play with the violinist in black taking center stage. Violinist, dressed in black, performing a concert, for members of the church. A classical string ensemble performs in a church to an attentive audience. A small string orchestra plays in a church where a crowd looks on.	A group having a conversation.	contradiction
A woman selling her good's at a market. A woman is peddling grain in the market. Women selling grains at a market. A woman is working in a market.	A woman sitting on steps.	contradiction
Three men and one woman sit in a public area, in front of a map, playing music on guitars and drums. A group of musical performers are playing and a crowd of people is around them. A group of people playing music on the street in front of a crowd. Street performs are playing their instruments outdoors.	Men playing harmonica, banjo, and drums.	neutral
A man wearing dark sunglasses is jumping his bike over a road, in a forest. A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest. A professional bicycle rider jumps over a fence onto a dirt path. A man wearing a helmet bicycling in the woods.	A man skateboarding.	contradiction
A man with a cap and brown shirt is standing on a grassy incline by a pile of hay or grass on some kind of wooden sled attached to a horse with chains. A man in a hat holding a tool stands next to a horse hitched to a sled filled with hay in a hilly area. A man wearing dark clothing and a ball cap stands next to a horse that is hauling a load of grass. A man stands next to a horse-drawn sled piled with grass.	Spectators standing.	contradiction
A man in a blue apron and blue headscarf stands in front of a wooden counter with a hammer on it. An old man wearing a bandanna and a denim apron looks at a cabinet in a workshop. Old man wearing a blue bandanna and building furniture. An old carpenter constructs a chest.	A man is outside.	contradiction
A man in a suit is walking down the street carrying a brown paper bag. An older businessman takes a lonely stroll down a city street. Man dressed in suit walks down street with paper bag in hand. A guy is walking with a sack lunch.	Men, a woman, and dogs walking.	contradiction
A kid in a yellow jacket and blue baseball cap jumping from a rock. A child wearing a yellow jacket is jumping down from a rock. Little kid with yellow jacket and blue hat jumping off rock Boy wearing yellow jacket jumping.	A child squatting.	neutral
Three construction workers wearing orange working vests and white helmets performing work in a tunnel. Four city workers wearing orange vests are working on platforms in a subway. Construction workers are working at a train or subway platform. Men wearing orange vests are working on the subway.	A man bicycling.	contradiction
Four people standing in an enclosure with a sign that says, "The Human Shop" on it. Four people wearing chains standing in a glass box. A group of people protesting by selling humans. People stand chained in a glass box.	Customers standing.	neutral
The two old men are sitting in a room, one of them wears a tan hat and holds a cello case. Two men sitting down inside, one of them holding an instrument case. Two older men sitting at a table, one holding a guitar case The man with the guitar case smiled at the other man.	Men swimming.	contradiction
A group of young people are watching a man on a dirt bike performing a stunt in the air. A BMW rider makes a fantastic jump as onlookers marvel. A man on a BMX bike performs a trick on a jump. A man performing a trick on a BMX bike	Pedestrians watch.	neutral
A man in a red tee-shirt steers his bicycle-like vehicle on a street in Santo Domingo. There is a driver in back, soda bottles in front, and a blue barrel in the middle. A man driving what looks to be a makeshift rickshaw. A man in a bicycle selling drinks.	Some men riding their bikes.	contradiction
A band performs on a stage in front of wall-sized posters, including two guitarists, a singer, a drummer, and a keyboardist, while one attender takes a picture using a mobile camera from the far bottom left. A guitar band is playing on stage. A band performing on stage. Kids forming a rock band.	A man playing his guitar for tips.	contradiction
A vivid and colorful street vendor gathering shows a number of proprietors outdoors, with a woman offering a box of items in the foreground. A woman wearing a white bolero jacket is holding a box with some items in it. A girl in a white jacket is selling pastries out of a box. A pretty girl is working at a stand on a bright sunny day.	A woman standing on a street smiling.	neutral
A man in a wetsuit diving out of a helicopter low over the ocean. A man wearing flippers jumps from a helicopter into the water. A gray helicopter hovering while someone drops in the ocean. Man jumping out of a helicopter into the ocean.	Boy doing a jump.	entailment
A man with a beige suit and gray trousers holds a guitar in his hands and a harmonica in his mouth. What looks like a homeless man plays the guitar whole sitting outside. An older gentlemen puts on a one-man band with various instruments. A man playing several instruments in front of a window.	A musician playing guitar on stage.	contradiction
A dog sits in a car with its tongue sticking out. The dog waits patiently in the car for its owner. A dog wearing a blue leash rides in a car. A dog pants inside a car	Some dogs stand.	contradiction
People sitting on the ground watching a little boy and man doing something. Children watching a man and another child in front of them. Some kids are sitting and watching a show. Street performers doing his act for kids.	A group watching a race.	contradiction
One man is helping another man with red shorts do a back flip in the yard. A man in a green shirt attempts a back flip with the help of his friend. A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard. One man helps another man start a back flip	A man is a musician.	contradiction
The black dog is crouching down in the field behind the ducks. A black and white dog following behind some spotted geese. A black and white dog stalks a flock of five geese. A group of ducks in a field.	A group with children walks.	contradiction
A male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain. A hiker is climbing up a very steep mountain. The man is hiking up a grassy mountainside. A man hikes up a huge mountain.	A hiker standing on a bluff.	neutral
A dog running quickly through the woods. A dog races through the woods. A dog runs through the woods. A dog running in the woods.	Dog paddling.	contradiction
Man in blue robes stands between a cloud of brown smoke and a crowd taking photos. A man wearing a gown walking up to a canvas, spectators watching A man wearing a dark blue robe performing a ritual. Aa man performs a ceremony.	A man break-dancing.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt makes a face while a woman looks at him. A guy in a black Pearl Jam t-shirt is making a funny face. A man in a black shirt is sticking out his tongue. A girl in a blue shirt walking with a man.	A woman in a park talking.	contradiction
Two young, White males are outside near many bushes. Two men in green shirts are standing in a yard. A man in a blue shirt standing in a garden. Two friends enjoy time spent together.	Two men sitting on a rock.	contradiction
A man and an old woman stand and look at something behind the photographer. A man stands with several people silhouetted against a blue sky Several people are standing around under a clear blue sky. Group of people on a sunny day.	A man measuring and cutting wood.	contradiction
A woman in sunglasses with short blond hair shakes a red tambourine. Three women raising their hands in the air. People performing with instruments. People singing and dancing.	A man playing an instrument while a woman playing the instruments.	neutral
An older man with a gray braided beard holds his stomach while talking. An old man with a braided beard wears a tie-dye shirt. An old man with a beard dressed in a gray tank top. A man in a green tank top holding his stomach.	Man cuts into a turkey.	contradiction
A man jumping to catch a frisbee, outside on a field, with a few people watching. A young man jumps through the air to catch a frisbee as several others look on. A man catching a frisbee in the middle of an ultimate frisbee game. A man with green shoes is jumping to catch a frisbee.	A man doing pottery.	contradiction
A bride holding a rose bouquet is being escorted by a man in a gray suit. A bride is carrying a red rose bouquet and a groom is wearing a gray suit. A groom and bride make their way down the aisle as man and wife. A couple walking down the aisle after getting married.	Caucasian woman walks.	neutral
A man in blue jeans, a white shirt, and a black cap is doing tricks on a skateboard. A man with a white shirt and blue jeans are skating on a skating device. A skater practices his moves on a sunny day near the water. A young adult skateboards in public.	A man bending down.	neutral
A baby puts his hands in some soap as he stands in the kitchen next to the sink. A young child is washing his hands with soap in the kitchen. A baby washes its hands in soapy water from a sink. A small child is playing with soap suds in a sink.	Some children climbing.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him. A man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in Chinese. A couple walks past lanterns and people eating at a restaurant. A couple walks through an Asian restaurant.	A performer walks.	neutral
A man in a tan trench coat and blue jeans walks with a black umbrella open over his head. A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain. A man in a trench coat is walking with an umbrella. Man walking with his umbrella in a bleak street.	A man doing a flip.	contradiction
A woman plays hide-and-go-seek with a check scarf as she sits with a man in a dark colored jacket. A man looks on while his female companion covers her face with a napkin. A man with a beverage sits near a woman holding a towel near her face. The woman covers her face when speaking to the man.	Someone sits.	entailment
A woman is standing with her arms crossed and looking at something. Profile picture of a pale woman with dark hair, arms crossed Woman in purple shirt stares into the distance. The girl lonely with wearing bag	Women visiting.	contradiction
A dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching. A group of Asian men moving supplies into or out of a storage unit. Men are looking at the contents of a storage facility. The four guys are being shown an iron board.	A man grinds.	neutral
A group of people are gathered in a wooded area; the children are sitting down writing, and the adults are standing up next to them. A group of school-aged children are sitting in a forest taking notes while several adults look on. A group of children are recording information on a day hike with parents in the wilderness. A group of backpackers take a break under a nearby tree.	A man sits up.	contradiction
A flaming red-haired middle-aged woman with pale skin is standing in front of a brick wall. A girl with extremely red hair, blue eyes, and fair skin waves. A beautiful red-haired woman is posing for the camera. Girl with red hair modeling.	Lady leaning on a person.	contradiction
An older gentleman standing in front of a washer and dryer with his hand getting ready to push a button and a black basket of clothes sitting on top of the dryer next to him. An older gentleman finds it humorous that he is getting his picture taken while doing his laundry. A man is standing inside a laundry room, pointing to a button on a washing machine. A man in a gray shirt doing laundry in his laundry room.	A man reaches up.	neutral
A street musician standing on stilts playing a tuba outside in front of a mural of people kissing. There is a guy wearing stilts playing the trombone in front of a mural. A man on stilts is playing a tuba for money on the boardwalk. Street performer by the beach on stilts playing the tuba.	A man on stage playing guitar.	contradiction
The bank teller is waiting for a customer. A man is sitting at a desk behind glass. A bank teller standing at a counter. Teller working at a bank.	Guy rollerskating.	contradiction
A male in a business suit, talking with a brunette female, having breakfast and sitting in red chairs outside a cafe. A man and woman eat at an outdoor cafe while another person with shopping bags stands nearby. A couple in business attire sit on a corner cafe with al fresco dining. A couple seated at an outdoor cafe surrounded by empty seats.	A man and woman walking on a beach.	contradiction
An old man in army fatigues addresses a line of children standing at attention. Boy's camp drill Sergeant with boys standing at attention. Children being directed by military men. Young kids been lecture by a veteran	A woman standing in a group.	neutral
There is a woman sitting at the front desk of a Hollywood Wax Museum with a statue standing next to the desk she is sitting at. A model of Sylvester Stallone stands in front of a ticket counter and an attendant in the Hollywood Wax Museum. Interior of the restaurant chain : Planet Hollywood, various movie memorabilia decorate the space. A man is dressed as a movie character holding a gun in the lobby of a movie theater.	A man looking in the background.	neutral
Quarterback waiting for snap of football. Men play football as a crowd watches. Football players are on the field. A football game in progress.	Several men competing.	entailment
Indian vendor stops to rest with cart in busy market. A man is working in a street side jewelry shop. A man is standing beside his stand waiting. Indian shop vendor working during the day.	A man leaning over.	neutral
A black man in a striped shirt stands eating out of a cup, holding a yellow water bottle. A dark man in a striped shirt eats a pink smoothie and holds a yellow water bottle. A man is standing with a cup in his hand. A man enjoys a treat on a crowded street.	A man has headphones.	neutral
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth. A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth. The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth. A dog running with a stick in his mouth	Dogs greet each other.	contradiction
A family sits on a bench overlooking the beach. Taking a break while vacationing at the beach Family sitting on a bench near the beach. A family sits on a bench near a beach.	A man with a beard sits on a bench.	neutral
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field. A brown, black, and white dog play in a grassy field. Three dogs run on wide, grassy, outdoor area. Three dogs running on a grassy field.	A dog runs down a sandy beach.	contradiction
A group of people are dressed in multicolored clothes while performing an act. A group of men wearing colorful clothing twirl batons in unison. A troupe of dancers performs in a parade. Blue clad jugglers march in a parade.	Group cooks.	contradiction
A man in a gray sweater and brown pants is lying down on a couch and reading a book. The elderly gentleman relaxes reading his novel after a long day of work. A middle-aged man relaxing on a couch reading a book. A man reading a late night book on the couch.	Two man sits.	contradiction
A woman looks out of a doorway with yellow cans and green trashcans behind her. A man stands outside his home by some yellow boxes. An old man is standing outside a building. The number on the trash box is 66.	A man chiseling.	neutral
An older woman in an off-white blouse is sitting on a stone shelf with her purse in her lap. An older woman sits on a ledge in front of the closed window of a stone building. There is an older woman sitting on the side of a dingy building. An elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building	A woman lying down.	contradiction
Two women, smiling, walking past a closed clothing boutique. Two girls are walking past a storefront that is closed. Two mannequins are in the window of a closed shop. Two young women enjoy themselves on a sunny day.	Two ladies crossing a street.	neutral
A group of people on the slopes, a person is skating boarding, and a bunch of people are surrounding him. A snowboarder in the air as others watch. Airborne snowboarder in front of a crowd. A snowboarder jumps high.	An audience watching.	entailment
A group of young people sits among palm trees in front of several large buildings. A large crowd of people are outside relaxing in the courtyard. A crowd of people sit outside in a public square. People pass time outside on a sunny day.	A crowd enjoying themselves.	entailment
A brown dog is sniffing the ground by a cow that is standing behind a wooden fence. A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull. A dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.	Workman standing.	contradiction
One dog standing in some grass with his tongue hanging out and a tan dog in the background Large fluffy gray dog standing in grass in front of a brown dog. Two dogs of different breeds are standing in a pasture. Two dogs stand in the grass.	Dogs look at a dog on a path.	neutral
A girl in a purple shirt is has pulled someone else's white shirt over their head. Girl in pink shirt and blue flowered shorts swinging a pillow. A woman is tugging on a white sheet and laughing A girl in a purple shirt holds a pillow.	A smiling woman waving.	contradiction
Large group of people with two women in the front, one in a yellow shirt and a skirt and the other in a red shirt and white shorts. Three young women pose for the camera while a crowd stands behind them. Students posing for their year book on their last field trip. Three females pose for the camera in a busy street.	Women goofing around.	neutral
Two men in blue shirts are talking to each other while four children walk past. Excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot. Two men are talking as four kids run by. A bunch of kids having fun and laughing.	A child jumps.	neutral
Two men dressed in odd clothing are jumping on a basketball court. Two young men in unusual clothing are jumping in a gym. Two young men are performing in a gym. The two young boy are jumping.	Men having a beer.	contradiction
A young Asian woman wearing modern clothing leans against a cast iron fence in front of a brick building. Asian woman in black boots and tights with short dress leans again fence. A young stylishly dressed woman is standing on the sidewalk in a city. A woman leaning on a gate looking in to the camera.	A lady speaking.	contradiction
Men taking a break from working on a piece of yellow industrial equipment. Two men sitting atop a piece of construction equipment. Men sitting on a yellow machine wearing blue clothes. A group of men are resting while at work	Group looking down.	neutral
Someone riding what appears to be a lawn mower is wearing a headset of sorts, the type used to block sound. Guy mowing lawn and listening to the radio at the same time. A Caucasian man mowing his lawn on a sunny day. A man in a bright jacket mowing a lawn.	A man and a man shaking hands.	contradiction
There's a man in a wheelchair who is stationed on a street corner with a guitar and an amp. An older male is playing a guitar on a wheelchair in a city street. A middle-age man in a wheelchair playing guitar on the streets. A man in a wheelchair plays his guitar on a sidewalk.	A man chiseling.	contradiction
An Indian family stands together, ankle-deep in a body of water, looking out. Several people are standing in shallow water. An Indian family looks out over the water. A family standing in shallow water.	A group of officers standing.	contradiction
A woman who is holding a blue ribbon is standing with one leg on the ground and the other leg in a vertical manner above her waist while most of the rest of her body is in a horizontal position. A Caucasian ribbon dancer wearing a dark blue and sheer fabric outfit decorated with flowers is twirling her dark blue ribbon into circles as she dances on one foot with her head thrown back. A young female gymnast, wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit, is lifting her right leg straight up in the air. A gymnast bends while twirling a ribbon.	A woman looking out.	contradiction
Five people wearing white and black are on a tennis court. A group of men and a woman are on the tennis court. Tennis players are seen conversing on the court. A group to tennis players preparing to play.	A crowd waves.	contradiction
Two women wearing matching headdresses sell their good in a street side marketplace. Two women are sitting against an orange wall behind a few tables covered in food. Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods. Two older women outside sitting down behind tables of food	A woman doing an experiment.	contradiction
Four guys sitting around a table with two candles and glasses full of beer. A group of four men drink bear and chat at a food establishment. A group of four men are sitting at a table drinking beer. These four Men are Relaxing, and having a few Drinks.	A man stands out.	neutral
Young child in pink top and purple pants clutching a turquoise guard rail. A female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground. A little girl in pink and purple stands on a playground. The little girl is playing at the playground.	Some children compete.	contradiction
Person in a black hat, jacket, pants and shoes sitting on concrete curb against a brick background. A single woman wearing a black hat and leather jacket listening to music A man sits on the sidewalk listening to headphones. Person listening to mp3 player sitting on curb.	A woman sitting in a yellow chair.	neutral
A young boy in a green shirt and green sweatpants running on a concrete floor. A little boy is running on some concrete steps. A young boy runs down a cement stairway. A boy runs near some steps.	A group of children watching another child.	contradiction
The two girls are playing on a yellow sit-and-bounce. Two children sitting atop a large yellow bounce toy. Two girls bounce on a large yellow ball indoors. Two smiling girls sit on a yellow bouncy ball.	A biker sat.	contradiction
A man dressed in jeans and a black jacket is sitting down while smoking a cigarette and checking his mobile device. A man sits down on a chair, checking his phone while relaxing. An old man is sitting down in the street. A man is sitting outside on a chair.	A man lining up.	contradiction
A woman in a multicolored dress is holding a plastic cup while gesturing with the other hand. An Asian girl wearing a very colorful dress is carrying a plastic cup. A young woman wearing a dress makes an awkward hand sign. An Asian woman drinking from a plastic mug.	A woman moves.	entailment
A group of women pose for a picture as a man plays guitar behind them. A group of girls are smiling while posing for a picture. A group of women hugging each other A group of smiling women.	A lady and child sit.	contradiction
A mix of kids and adults sitting by a tree that has different colored flags hanging around it. Group of people, mature and young sitting beside the dirt road looking across the road. A bunch of hippies laying on the ground being entertained by something we can't see. A group of people sitting on the side of the road with banners in the background.	A group racing.	contradiction
A young girl is lying on some personal belongings, on a cart that is dragged by a horse and a man, on a dirt route. A man is pulling a cart down a dirt road, and a girl is riding in it. A child rides the back of a wooden pull cart. A Young boy being pulled on a wooden cart.	A child sits on a swing ride.	contradiction
A woman wearing red sunglasses sitting on a bench with her dog. A woman and her dog having lunch on a park bench. A woman in a dress sits on a bench with her dog. A person enjoying a snack, beside a dog.	A lady doing an exercise.	contradiction
Two children ladle water and a blue watering can sits behind them. Two children outside near a container of water and a watering pail Two small children are gathering water from a large container. Two children cleaning water in their village.	A boy speaking.	neutral
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and putting their feet on the seat. A motorcycle rider starts to sand up on the seat of his white motorcycle. This person is doing a stunt on a motorcycle. A motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike.	An old man standing.	contradiction
A woman in a bright blue dress and short black hair looking backward at something. A woman in a blue dress reaches off-camera with a goblet in hand. A woman in a blue dress is raising her right arm. A woman in a blue dress smiles.	A woman and girl walking.	contradiction
Children in orange and neon green play soccer as their coach watches. Four girls are playing soccer while an adult looks over them. Little girls having a soccer match and a man watching. Four girls playing soccer while the coach looks on.	A man watches two dogs.	contradiction
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal. Hockey goalie attempting to block a shot by Brian Nugent Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net. Hockey goaltender diving	A player sliding into plate.	neutral
Three males standing on the ledge of a mountain with binoculars in had and their dog by their side Three men are standing with a dog on a rock overlooking a mountainous scene. Three men and a dog on a hike are looking at the mountain view. Three guys and a dog looking toward a mountain.	Men digging.	contradiction
A skateboard rides up the ramp and does a trick in midair. The skateboarder launches off a quarter pipe. A man with an Afro is skating on a vert ramp A skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp	Someone performing a skateboard trick.	entailment
A man, woman, and two girls walk on the beach barefoot. People walking in the water along the beach. A group of people at a distance on a beach. Four people are walking on a beach.	Many cheerleaders walk.	neutral
The young man in the white apron is holding a chicken he has killed and will be processing for food. A man in a white apron is holding a chicken above a large pot or bucket. A young male is about to cook some sort of bird. A boy smiles and holds a Chicken.	A man doing a flip.	contradiction
A woman in black boots and a gray umbrella walks away from a group looking at a small dog. A woman with an umbrella walking past a pole and people looking at a little dog. People looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk. A group of people are looking at a cute little dog.	A traveler walking.	neutral
Two young people are standing in the doorway of a room filled with pink, white, and red balloons. A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons. A couple surrounded by pink and white balloons. A young couple has just gotten engaged.	A couple having their picture taken.	entailment
A woman in a black two-piece bathing suit jumping into green water. A girl dives into the water while another girl watches her. A woman in a bikini jumping off a dock into a lake. A woman in a black swimsuit is jumping in a lake.	Women stroll.	contradiction
Two men, one in red and one in blue, playing a sport in a grassy area. Two men, one in blue and one in red, are playing hockey on a field. Two hockey players in red and blue uniforms, going after the puck. Two men playing swinging hockey pucks at a ball in a field.	A man dropping from a rope.	contradiction
Two men with dreadlocks sit on the street while a man in a hat and a man in a leather jacket stand behind them. Two guys sitting down on the sidewalk with long hair just looking around. Two dread locked men sitting while other adults stand around. Two men with long hair are sitting on the ground.	Men walking down a street in winter.	contradiction
A snowboarder jumps off of a ramp in the snowy mountains A snowboarder is leaping of a jump in the mountains. A snowboarder in midair, hovering over a snow ramp. A snowboarder in midair	A snowboarder grinding.	contradiction
Two men are working in the dark and only have the headlights of their truck to see by. Two men working outdoors at night in the snow. Two men are out in the snow with a snow plow. A snow plow is coming towards two people.	Two men throw a rock.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt plays the cello next to a woman in black playing a harp. Two people are on a stage playing stringed instruments for a small crowd. Two musicians playing their instruments for an audience. Musicians performing for children.	A group of some men sitting at a table.	contradiction
A person with a red cap and a white jacket is walking across a street with several other people. Many people, one in a red hat, are walking down a busy city street. A woman in a white parka and a red hat crosses a city street. A normal sunny day in a big city.	A man walking down a brick street.	contradiction
Three individuals are sitting outside on brown benches next to the water. Two men and a woman are sitting on a bench, near water. Some people sit on public benches in front of the ocean. Three people are sitting at benches overlooking water.	Participants sit.	neutral
A man in a pair of jeans and blue shirt is conversing with a woman in a blue shirt pushing a plaid stroller. Men and women eating near a storefront one man and a woman with a stroller taking to each other. A man speaking to a woman with a stroller in a room with several dinners. A crowd of people are in a cafe.	Men dancing.	contradiction
A man is standing on a stage behind a microphone while playing the guitar. A man under colorful stage lights playing a guitar. A musician is playing guitar on stage. Man playing guitar on stage	A performer sings on stage.	entailment
A concert band is playing a holiday song for a Christmas event; many of the members including the conductor in the leather jacket are wearing Santa hats, while Christmas decorations adorn the outdoor white venue. A brass band, with many members wearing Santa Claus hats, is conducted by a man wearing a leather jacket while playing under a temporary bandshell. A band playing a musical piece near Christmas time. A band plays while wearing Santa hats.	A man plays an instrument in public.	entailment
Three people are riding motocross bikes along a dirt path. Three people racing on a dirt bike trail in a sandy area. Three bikes riding on a trail during motocross run. Three motor-cross bike racers in a competition.	Boys racing against each other.	neutral
A man in tan pants and a red shirt is grilling something in a backyard. A man in a red shirt and khaki pants fixing dinner on the grill. An old man is grilling food in a backyard. Man in red shirt about to have a barbecue	A man polishing a man's shoes.	contradiction
In front of a laundromat and The Gulch of San Francisco, there is a man down on the ground, a man on a cellphone, and a couple of women walking by. A man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches. The man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack. Person in blue laying in the middle of a street.	A man cycling.	contradiction
Man in black shirt with black guitar sings into a microphone surrounded by musical equipment. A band performing with a closeup on the singer. Two members of a band are playing music. Rock band performing on a small stage.	Men deciding.	contradiction
I am sure his eyeglasses helped him make sure his grilled pieces of meat were cooked thoroughly while he enjoyed being surrounded by the wilderness. A man wearing baseball hat and glasses is making barbecue at the picnic area. A man barbecues meat outdoors with a forest in the background. A man with a hat is cooking barbecue.	A guy fishing.	contradiction
In a crowd of young people at a bar, a man stands displaying the rock and roll sign. A man is making a "rock" gesture while standing on a stool in a crowded bar. A single man in a black t-shirt standing above the crowd at a busy bar. People enjoying drinks in a crowded bar.	The group assembling.	neutral
A man in a black jacket standing beside a green mailbox thoroughly soiled by a group of pigeons that are nearby. An older man wearing a leather coat and cowboy hat by a mailbox standing on the street near a flock of pigeons. A man in a leather jacket and cowboy style hat standing beside a mailbox and group of birds. An old man in a black vest next to a green mailbox.	A man and woman are about to kiss.	contradiction
People are turning their attention to a man with an instrument. A man sits alone and plays a cello in front of a group of people A group of performers performing an act. A local band has a gig in a hall	Men eat.	contradiction
A man with frightening makeup and studded leather clothing is playing a bass guitar at a rock concert. A long-haired, shirtless man with face paint is playing a bass guitar at a concert. A shirtless guitar player with long red hair is playing at a concert. Heavy metal guitarist plays and screams at a concert.	A man with a beard playing an instrument.	neutral
A worker with his face being hidden by steam from a stove. A man in a black shirt cooking in a smoky kitchen. A chief works over a large steaming pot. A chef wearing black cooking.	A man has an instrument.	contradiction
A girl wearing a pink shirt and overalls is smiling and there is another child that is out of focus. A girl in a coral shirt with glasses is smiling while leaning against a fence. Two girls, one in overalls, holding on to a fence with water behind them. Children playing in stopped motion	A child resting.	entailment
Three men wearing black jackets are talking to two ladies in tanks tops. Three men in dark jackets talk to women outside of a business. A group of people talking outside at night. A group of people outside hanging around.	A group of teens standing.	contradiction
A girl in a red shirt applauding as other children play. Children are playing on a cobblestone surface. Kids playing on a playground. A few children are playing.	A child dancing with a man.	contradiction
A toddler in a blue sweater is being helped. A child is holding hands with an adult. The child is playing in the rock. A blond boy being helped up.	A man with a child.	neutral
A man and a woman enjoy conversation as they ascend on a busy elevator. A young couple uses an escalator at a busy shopping center. There are several people going up the escalator. People going up an escalator in the mall.	Women standing across from each other.	contradiction
One man is helping another man with red shorts do a back flip in the yard. A man in a green shirt attempts a back flip with the help of his friend. A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard. One man helps another man start a back flip	A man jogs.	contradiction
A cowboy on a horse trying to lasso a bull at a rodeo. Cowboy at a rodeo hurls his lasso at a young bull. A cowboy on a horse at a rodeo. A man on a horse lassoing.	Some men posing.	contradiction
People loiter and walk around on a busy sidewalk as a car passes by in the foreground. Numerous Asian people are seen on a street doing daily activities. A group of people loiter on a sidewalk near a lamp post. A group of people hanging out on a sidewalk.	A group cheering.	contradiction
Three young girls are standing on a riverbank. Three children are next to a body of water. Three young girls play by a river. Three women sit by a pond.	A woman running.	contradiction
A man playing his guitar on a beautiful Sunday morning. Man is playing his guitar in the street. Hipster performs on the acoustic guitar. A street performer with a guitar.	A man posing with an instrument.	neutral
Teenagers in matching shirts stand at the side of the road holding trash bags. Youth's picking up trash along the side of the street. School kids doing volunteer work. He is walking with a trash bag.	A group of children gathered.	entailment
A man in a blue shirt hold his hand up while talking to two ladies in blue shirts. A man is talking while two women listen to him. The three people are talking to each other A man is talking to two women.	A man explaining.	entailment
A boy and three girls in blue school uniforms walk down a dirt-covered road. Four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees. A group of children in blue uniforms walk to class. Group of school children in blue school uniforms.	A group walking down a busy street.	neutral
A Weimaraner dog runs through the woods wearing a red collar. A dog running through a forest in the winter time A brown dog running through the woods. A dog running through a lot of twigs.	Men running in an area.	contradiction
A man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks. A vendor, wearing a large-brimmed tan hat, is sitting on a stool next to his wares. The man in the white hat has various items on the sidewalk. A man in a sombrero sits next to a newsstand.	Tourist sits.	contradiction
A golden dog is running through the snow. A blond lab runs in the snow. A dog runs through the snow. Brown dog runs in snow.	A tan dog plays with a dog.	contradiction
A black dog and a brown dog close together. A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path. Two dogs, face to face, on a dirt road. Two dogs are playing together outside.	Dogs chasing each other.	neutral
Two dogs with the same coloring look like they are going to bite each other in the face. Two furry brown dogs are fighting in the deep white snow. Two black and white dogs fighting in the snow Two dogs fight in the snow.	A small dog jumping on a dog.	neutral
A female tennis player stands on a court, looking away from the ball. A female tennis player is casually swinging her racket. Woman in a white shirt and black skirt playing tennis. A woman in a white shirt holds a tennis racket.	Some women having fun.	neutral
Two people wearing yellow jackets crosscountry skiing. Two skiers are making their way through woodland. Two skiers are sliding down a trail in the woods. Two men are skiing in the snow in a wooded area.	Several skiers standing.	contradiction
Two sweet young girls on ice skates, hands up and holding on to each other get ready to begin their performance on the ice. A girl with short black hair and a girl with long blond hair pose while ice skating. Two children are posing with their arms up on an ice rink. Two young girls have fun in an ice skating rink.	Boys fishing.	contradiction
A woman with dark hair and glasses sits alone at a table with two coffee cups and saucers. A woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee. A woman enjoying coffee at a cafe. A woman sits in a cafe at night.	Women sitting in a hot tub.	contradiction
Two people in canoes ride through the water. Two guys are rowing a canoe on a lake. Two men on canoes on a lake. Two men rowing in canoes.	Men sitting on a sofa.	contradiction
A large group of people consisting of over 100, are packed closely together with palm trees and a building in a close distant. Many people sitting around looking off in the distance at the edge of dark. People getting ready to see their next leader. People gathering for a good cause	A group joins.	entailment
A man in a white jacket puts on a public magic show and uses a child as a volunteer as the crowd watches. Children watching a man and another child in front of them. Some kids are sitting and watching a show. Street performers doing his act for kids.	Man building something.	neutral
A woman, wearing a blue dress that reveals her abdomen, is holding a sledgehammer in the forest. A brunette woman in a blue satin costume holds a sledgehammer in the middle of the woods. A lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods. Lone woman in blue dress holding an ax in the peaceful forest.	A boy splashing in a pool.	contradiction
Two young girls are playing on swings, and one is holding the other girls swing "still." Two girls enjoy themselves on a swing ride. Two girls are swinging in harnessed rides. Two women are swinging on a ride.	A lady gazes.	neutral
A biker performing a trick where the bike is only on its front tire in a skate park as the sun is behind him. A man doing a trick on his BMX bike on top of a half pipe Guy doing a nose manual on a bike at the top of a bowl. A man does tricks with his bicycle in a skate park.	A man performs a skateboard stunt.	neutral
Two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side. Two men wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking near a body of water during sundown. Two men stand beneath a tree as they watch the sunset over the ocean. Two men playing golf near water while the sun is setting.	Some men taken a break.	neutral
A bald man in front of a microphone plays electric guitar under a spotlight. A male musician is playing guitar for a show on stage. A man plays his red guitar under the spotlight. This man is playing an electric guitar.	A girl sitting on a horse.	contradiction
A male wearing a blue shirt is holding a cup in hand while staring at the camera. A man with a Mohawk smiles at the camera. A man with a Mohawk is holding a cup. A man in a short Mohawk and beard.	A man taking a picture of another man.	contradiction
A group of men and women looking and children with red t-shirt walking around. A brown-haired lady in a red shirt and black pants standing, looking around. A woman holding a camera is gathered with people all wearing red shirts. A group of people are walking across the street.	A woman sunning herself.	contradiction
An ice hockey player is shooting the puck as an opposing player watches. A hockey player wearing black and white slides his stick along the ice. Two men playing hockey on the ice. A hockey player makes a shot.	Worker watches.	contradiction
A woman in blue looks in a black leather bag while sitting on a bench during a sunny afternoon while people and limousines passed behind her. An old woman is sitting on a bench, while behind her a limo pulls up and two people in white are walking by. Decorated limo passing by elderly woman waiting on park bench in Chinese street. A woman in a blue shirt is looking in her change purse.	A man walking through a building.	contradiction
A woman carries her baby while crossing the street. A woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms. A woman is crossing the street holding a baby. Woman and baby crossing street.	Women walking through a forest.	contradiction
White woman with a green hard helmet, black spaghetti string tank top, and blue jeans, in front of a stoop outside of a building during a sunny day. A woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand. Lady standing in front of a building with a green construction hat. Lady wearing a green work helmet and holding a bag.	Woman walking on a sidewalk.	contradiction
A gloved hand holds what appears to be an oversize nail against a log. A man with a mustache prepares to hammer a nail into a piece of tree. A white man is splitting wood indoors Man hitting a nail into a tree log.	A man doing a dive.	contradiction
A young woman in equestrian gear is riding a brown horse in a green landscape. A woman is riding a brown horse through the tall grass. A girl on a horse wearing a helmet and an orange vest. A happy lady that is riding a horse as a sport.	A woman doing an exercise.	contradiction
A little boy is kicking a blue ball on the carpet surrounded by toys. A boy kicks a ball in his living room. A boy kicks a blue ball in a room. A child kicks a ball into the air.	A kid standing in a sprinkler.	contradiction
Two young women are standing in a living room laughing and smiling. These two women are having fun while taking pictures. Two women laughing at a cat walking on the furniture. Two young women clap their hands in laughter.	A lady holding a bird.	contradiction
A female child, wearing a purple shirt and denim skirt, brushing her teeth with a pink toothbrush. A small girl is brushing her teeth with a pink toothbrush. Pretty young lady brushing her teeth. A little girl is brushing her teeth.	Children doing karate.	contradiction
Three men stand near a large wooden cross overlooking a desert mountain. Three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon. Three young males are standing in front of a cross. Three men look at a sign.	A man demonstrating.	neutral
A woman dances along with a dancing video-game projected on large screen behind her. A girl is playing a virtual video game while her image is displayed behind her. The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen. A woman is dancing on stage in front of a screen.	Women bumping into each other.	contradiction
A gray-haired woman in a yellow shirt sitting under a blue sign. An older woman sits under a sign advertising a 3 slice special. A woman wearing a yellow shirt sits on a wooden bench. A woman sits underneath a sale sign.	A woman has a tattoo.	neutral
Seven men sit cross-legged on a roof amid construction material. A group of men are sitting down on the ground together. A group of men sitting on the roof of a building. A group of men sit in a circle on a rooftop.	A group smoking.	neutral
A soldier is leading a pack of soldiers while holding a blue flag in his right hand. Individuals in military attire congregate beneath a stairwell. The group of Navy men are gathering guns and flags. Many men are wearing uniforms with caps.	A group of workers stands.	neutral
A blond lady dressed in black stares down the camera as she walks down the street. A woman is giving the camera a dirty look as she walks down the sidewalk. A sad woman in a black shirt walking down the street. A woman with blond hair and a briefcase.	A woman holding a girl.	contradiction
A blond woman sitting on a plastic stool is working on someone's toes. A woman working on someone's feet. A woman EMT is looking at a foot. This child is getting a pedicure.	A woman taking a picture of another woman.	contradiction
An African-American man gestures with one hand while speaking into a microphone. A black man wearing a gray jacket speaks into a microphone. A DJ host takes the mic and rallies his audience. This rapper is saluting to his crowd and fans.	Guy doing moves.	neutral
A man in a black shirt and jeans appears to be working on some piping system. A man in a black shirt sitting on the floor fixing a bicycle. A man with a smile sitting on the floor fixing his bicycle. A man squatting next to a bicycle.	Some guys walking.	contradiction
A woman is standing by the sink and her face is reflected in the mirror. A woman in a gray top has her reflection caught in the bathroom mirror. A woman in gray cleans a paintbrush in the bathroom sink. A woman is washing something in a sink.	A woman skiing.	contradiction
A man in a tan coat holding an infant and a young girl sitting on a brown couch. A man in a coat holds an infant while an older child smiles at the camera. A man holds a baby in a house while a blond child looks at the camera. A gray-haired man holds a small child while sitting on a brown couch.	A father sitting on a bench.	contradiction
A child with curly blond hair looks at another child with long brown hair while sitting on a bench. Two small children eat ice cream while sitting on a bench. Two children are eating ice cream on a bench. Two little girls are eating ice cream.	A child spinning.	contradiction
An older man in blue pants, blue shirt, and green sweater smokes a cigarette while reclining on a bench. A gentleman relaxing with his legs crossed smoking a cigarette with a smile on his face. A gray-haired man with glasses is sitting on a large bench with his legs stretched out. An elderly man sitting outside.	Some men digging.	contradiction
Guy in a dark suit, with a cigarette in his right hand while talking on the phone. A man in black suit and pant talks in phone with a cigarette at his hand. A man in a suit is smoking a cigarette and talking on his cellphone. A man in a suit is smoking and talking on the phone.	These men are hard at work.	contradiction
A man dressed in green sweeps leaves from an outdoor altar. Man sweeping debris from road with bundle of twigs. Boy sweeping trash away from a shrine. This man is sweeping the sidewalk.	Guys laugh.	contradiction
A young boy, wearing goggles and a heads-up light, and a young girl, are smiling. A boy in yellow glasses and red-haired girl pose for the camera. A boy in goggles plays with a read-haired girl. A crowd of people outside.	Employees smile.	neutral
A man walks on the street with a snow shovel during a snowstorm. Person with shovel walks through snowstorm in front of cafe. A person with red gloves carries a shovel through the snow. A person is carrying a shovel walking down a snowy street.	Surfers walking.	contradiction
A musician playing an accordion in front of a green doorway while sitting on a milk crate. A man sitting on a crate playing the accordion in front of an old building. A bald man with a beard plays the accordion in front of green doors A man on a milk crate plays the accordion.	A man giving a man a haircut.	contradiction
An audience of varying race, sex, and age are enthralled as two men are in a martial arts tournament, the men wear the usual white gi's while one attempts a round house kick to the others face, two refs officiate the match with one sitting at a chair blowing a whistle while the other is up close to the two fighters. A man, with a blue wrapping around his foot, is about to kick another man, with a red cloth hanging from his belt, in the head. Two martial artist in a competition with a small crowd and a judge watching as one delivers a kick. Two men that are in a match with one another.	A dog watches.	contradiction
A man behind an old fashioned bank teller desk holds a pencil and smiles. The bank teller is waiting for a customer. A bank teller standing at a counter. Teller working at a bank.	Men sit with an animal.	contradiction
A man wearing a brown leather coat is on the sidewalk, while leaning against a window seal. A man in a flat cap leans against a colorful building. A man leans against a multicolored building outside. A man wearing a coat leaning against a building.	A man dines.	contradiction
A man wearing a London 2012 jersey is running in front of a brick building and past a crowd carrying a torch. Torch-bearing runner, about to be photographed by onlooker, enjoys the smiles and shouts of the crowd. A man carrying an Olympic torch with a brick building in the background. An Olympic Marathon Event with the locals.	A group of performers performs for a group.	contradiction
These young ladies are waiting for a ride, but got tired and had to sit down. Two young women with brown hair are sitting on a curb. Two young women are sitting on a curb and chatting. Two women are sitting on the street side.	A woman looks through a telescope while another woman looks on.	contradiction
The martial artist in the foreground lands a kick on his opponent's thigh, while the crowd and judges watch from a distance. A martial artist lands a blow to the thigh of his opponent while a referee throws up his hand. Two men participate in a match while wearing karate garb. Two martial arts fighters spar at a competition.	A man and a white man standing.	neutral
Bald, older man with sunglasses and white shirt, blurry crowd around him. An older man wearing sunglasses and a white t-shirt An old man with sunglasses and a watch around kids Bald man in sunglasses	A man lassos.	contradiction
Two men dressed in black pants and shirts are lounging outside a door. Two men taking a break at the back of a business. Two men standing outside next to a building. Two men taking a break during work.	Some men jumping up.	contradiction
An African American male in a denim jacket and sweatshirt looking into the camera with a microphone held to his mouth. A rapper performs looking at the camera while someone else looks at him over his shoulder. A man with his hats put on sideways is using a microphone. An African American male is singing into a microphone.	Man racing.	contradiction
A group of people, ranging from kids to adults, who are prepping their equipment before going diving. A team of children and adults in red and black scuba gear stand on the pier as they prepare to dive. Four scuba divers with red and black fins standing on a wooden surface next to the water. Several males of various ages are standing on a dock fastening their scuba masks.	Some guys standing.	entailment
A man in a red shirt, white cowboy hat, chaps, and cowboy boots rides a brown bucking bronco in a rodeo. A cowboy in a white hat rides a bucking bronco in a rodeo. A rodeo guy in a red shirt rides a bucking bronco. A man on a bucking horse at rodeo.	A group riding animals.	neutral
The subject of the photo is bicycling on the road apparently in competition. A person is riding a bicycle and is in front of one person pictured. Two cyclists are racing down a street. Man riding a bike with teammate.	Girls riding ride.	neutral
A woman and little boy are smiling and the child is tasting something on a long wooden spoon. A young mother is letting her child lick a wooden cooking spoon clean. A woman holds a young boy who has a wooden spoon in his mouth. A mother and child are baking.	A boy pushes a girl.	contradiction
The girl in the red and black striped pants smiled as she rode by on her unicycle. Young girls dressed in red riding unicycles in a parade. A young girl in red riding a unicycle Children riding unicycles	Two children hugging.	contradiction
A young blond-haired girl wearing a YMCA sweater looks into a telescope while another girl with glasses watches her. A blond girl looks through a telescope while another girl wearing glasses looks at her. A girl in a gray YMCA sweater looking through a telescope. A female with blond hair is looking through a telescope.	A boy looking into the camera.	contradiction
A woman in a mermaid costume stands on a city street, in front of a red telephone booth. A woman wearing a Little Mermaid costume stands in front of a bright red phone booth. A woman dressed as the little mermaid stands next to a phone booth. A woman dressed as the mermaid Ariel next to a phone booth.	A woman with a shirt walking.	neutral
The school children wore uniforms of white shirts and navy pants or skirts and yellow name tags. A school in a foreign country, with the British flag. A group of children are standing outside a building. Kids outside a third world school.	Children sit on pavement.	neutral
A white dog is walking through the leafy grass while a brown dog is about to bite it. One white dog and one brown dog playing with a stick. A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass A brown dog chasing a white dog.	A dog runs through the desert.	contradiction
There are five guys wearing blue uniforms and red and black hats in a plaza, one of them with an accordion. A group of five men in blue military costumes are performing music in a public square. Uniformed men sing and play music in a town square. A singing group performing outdoors.	A man making something in the kitchen.	contradiction
A girl is taking a picture of a girl and guy on a colorfully decorated pink bike. Two people ride a colorful bike while a blond woman takes their picture. Two people riding a colorfully decorated bicycle. Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture	Some girls sitting.	contradiction
A family of nine people, including four children, pose in front of a brick fireplace with a white mantle. A family poses in front of the fireplace and Christmas tree. A family posing by the mantle and Christmas tree. A happy family poses by the fireplace.	A team poses for a picture.	contradiction
A girl in a blue shirt and tan shorts is standing on a road with a boy in a black shirt. A man and a woman wearing shorts are standing in an alley. A man and a woman is having a conversation on a road. A man in a black shirt has his back towards a woman.	Men walking on a beach.	contradiction
A woman carrying a bag with a little girl in a pink dress walking behind her and a man in a blue shirt walking towards her. A lady wearing a dark outfit and carrying a white bag is walking along a street. A woman walking home from the market in a dirty neighborhood. A woman is walking and holding a plastic bag.	A child walking on a treadmill.	contradiction
A man wearing a red, gray and blue shirt and a hat. A man in a white hat is looking at the camera. An elderly gentleman pauses for a photograph. This man is wearing a white cap or hat.	A man sits with a tray.	neutral
A young man wearing nail polish and sitting on the floor is looking through a book while a young woman stands over him. A girl is looking over a boy's shoulder as he reads a book. A girl overlooks a boy sitting down reading a book. A guy is reading a book and sitting on the floor.	A child runs down a field.	contradiction
A man wearing a red hat and blue top carries a tray on his head filled with some sort of baked goods. A man wearing a hat is balancing a tray of food on his head. A man is balancing a plate of food on his head. Wow, found a new way to serve food.	An old man walking.	neutral
A man in a black t-shirt and a man in a pink t-shirt are playing guitars on a stage. Two people play guitars on a stage next to other musical equipment. Musicians play on stage at Coney Island, NY. Two men playing guitars on stage.	A band playing instruments.	entailment
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on a green surfboard. A man in a full wetsuit surfs a crashing wave. A man surfs in the curl of the wave. A person surfing a wave.	A surfer on a white surfboard riding a wave.	neutral
A young boy in a gray and white striped shirt is playing guitar. A young boy with dark hair plays an acoustic guitar. A young boy is smiling while playing his guitar. Kid in a striped shirt holding a guitar.	Several men holding instruments.	contradiction
Female in a red shirt with a black and red veil walks with a young male in an orange tank top while following behind an older female in a black veil and skirt. A diverse collection of people are walking away from the camera and around a gray building during the day. A boy in an orange sleeveless shirt is walking outside next to a woman in a red top with a headscarf. Several women dressed in burqas and a child in an orange shirt out walking in a public space.	A group walking in the background.	entailment
Two people in helmets on motorcycles racing, one purple (in front) and the other green, leaning into a turn. Two people taking a tight turn on motorcycles, the leading motorcycle is purple and the lagging is green. Two gentleman, one on a purple motorcycle one on a green one, racing around a tight right hand turn. Two motorcyclists race on an asphalt track on purple and green motorcycles.	A motorcyclist making a turn.	entailment
A worker wearing a hazard cone on his head and holding a flare being photographed by two photographers as he leads a parade. Protesters carrying a red banner are on the street as photographers take pictures. Protesters in a foreign country being photographed for a news event. People are walking towards cameramen.	A guy walking on a sidewalk.	neutral
A smiling young woman wearing a gray shirt is wearing a bag with a large black strap over her left shoulder. An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile. Asian female wearing a backpack, smirking over her shoulder. A woman wearing a tank top and backpack, looking back.	A long-haired woman walks.	neutral
A mother dips pieces of fruit into a bowl of liquid chocolate as her anxious daughter looks on. A woman and young girl are sitting at a table and dipping fruit in liquid chocolate. A woman and a little girl wearing a bib eating a meal at a table. A woman and child dipping fruit in fondue.	A Hispanic family sitting.	neutral
Two gray puppies are chewing on a plastic red toy. The two gray dogs are trying to get a red object. Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field. Two dogs try to get an orange toy.	Dogs fighting over a stick.	contradiction
Two men riding horses, one on either side of a cow, in a rodeo competition. Two men are riding horses attempting to control a cow in an arena-like area. Two men riding on horses are on either side of a young bull in some arena. Two men riding horses in a rodeo while chasing after a bull.	A man riding an animal and trying to lasso an animal.	entailment
A group of instrumentalists and vocalists dressed in black are being conducted by an older gentleman. Man works at microphone with a group of informally attired musicians under the lead of a conductor. Man singing and being accompanied by a concert ensemble in an elegant room. Musicians are practicing as directed by a director.	A group playing Jenga.	contradiction
Six men seat in a wooden boat while two are the background surrounded by logs and a green landscape A group of fishermen on a boat tied up in a bay, with piles of driftwood near them. Some men are sitting on a boat near a beach covered in stacked logs and sticks. A group of black gentlemen sit sail to go on a fishing trip.	A man standing smiling.	neutral
A lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite. Someone in a museum explaining something to other people, who are sitting down. A group of young people gathered around a woman in a gallery of artistic vases. An old woman is explaining old artifacts in a museum to a class.	Small kid sitting.	neutral
Two people wearing brightly colored protective headgear are in a swimming pool with very choppy water and the person in the foreground has a hand on a yellow and blue ball which is approximately the size of a basketball. Two competitors, one with number thirteen on his headgear, are at battle in a large swimming pool. Two people playing with a volleyball in a pool. Two people are swimming in a pool with a ball.	Two men sitting playing guitars.	contradiction
Two girls running down the street in front of a large building with white and red flags by the door. Two young girls run on a sidewalk outside of a brick building with banners on it. Two people walk on the sidewalk past a brick building. Two people are running alongside a building.	Two children playing with each other.	entailment
A woman with dyed blond and brown hair has her arm around the man who is holding a cup. A man holding a drink is being hugged by a woman wearing a black shirt. A man holding a drink poses with a woman. A guy and girl having their photo taken.	A man carrying a load.	contradiction
A red vehicle is being reflected in a store window while two casually dressed middle-aged men walk and converse. A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a dark blue shirt talking. A guy explains something to his friend. Two men converse along the sidewalk.	A man standing on a field.	contradiction
Basketball player in the orange uniform attempts to block the shot of the player in the white uniform. Man trying to make a basket at a game, while another is trying to block the shot. High school basketball has gotten especially exciting with exemplary lay-ups. A boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously.	A child jumping out of the water.	contradiction
A man in a paper made kings crown is letting another man in a blue hat look inside at something he has in a bag. A couple of homeless people rummage through a bag containing items that make them laugh. A man wearing a crown digs through his bag with a friend. Man looking into another man's bag.	A man doing a stunt on a bicycle.	contradiction
A carpenter making a hole with his hammer on a building project. A man is hammering into pieces of wood. Man chiseling wood inside a building. Man building something with wood.	A man with hands walking.	contradiction
A man in a blue jumpsuit showing the carvings he has made. A man in a blue jumpsuit displays his sculptures. A black man is making wood carvings. A man is showing some mini sculptures	A man sitting on his lap.	contradiction
A woman looks skeptically at the person taking a picture of her and three girls who are outdoors. A group of women converse together while overlooking the views of the foliage. Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence. Women are outside.	A group walking on a path.	neutral
A man in a dark jacket and gray sweatshirt is watching his dark-haired female companion eat a meal. A woman with a headband on is eating and a man is watching her eat. A man and woman are eating at a restaurant. A guy and a girl eating at a restaurant.	A woman sharing food.	entailment
A bald headed man in black balances his skateboard on a cement wall and his shadow follows. A man performs a jumping trick on a skateboard and creates a shadow on the wall behind him. Skateboarder grinds a concrete railing. The man is skateboarding.	A skater doing tricks in the air.	entailment
Woman in black and white shirt dancing with man in all black in a studio. Two very flexible ballet dancers who are practicing in a studio. Two people holding on to each other in front of a mirror. A man being dipped by a woman in a mirrored dance studio.	Performers practicing a routine.	entailment
An adult female with dark hair is holding a baby. An Asian woman in a red sweater holding her baby. A woman in a red top holding a crying baby. A woman is holding a baby.	A father holding an infant.	contradiction
A woman in a blue uniform, with long curly red hair, looking at her horse before the race. A woman dressed in blue holding the reins of a brown horse by a racetrack. A woman in blue standing in front of a racetrack with a saddled horse. A woman wearing a purple jacket stands next to a horse.	A woman leading a dog.	contradiction
One person is exiting the bottom of a long escalator while another has just entered at the bottom. A person in black has just stepped off of the escalator. A person walking away from the bottom of an escalator. A silhouette at the bottom of an escalator.	A guy walking on a sidewalk.	contradiction
Standing man on phone with seated woman writing, near artist's outdoor display. A woman drawing portrait while a man on a cellphone watches. A female artist showing her painting and signing a paper. A woman writing on a notepad near a portrait outdoors	Homeless men sitting.	contradiction
The large gray colored dog is jumping on the beach. A gray colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach. The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach. A gray dog plays in the sand at the ocean.	A dog with large ears runs.	neutral
Four kids playing, one in a red dress one in a pink shirt, one in a white shirt and a little boy with his arm through a green toy. One young girl in a dress, and three young children leaning against a wall. A group of children playing and having a good time. Young children playing with paper.	A child smiling for the camera.	neutral
A man dressed as a cowboy holds a rope in his teeth as he ropes a calf. A man in a white cowboy hat trying to tie up a calf at a rodeo. A cowboy ropes a calf during a rodeo. A cowboy is roping a calf in a rodeo.	Men chasing an animal.	contradiction
A girl in a red shirt and a boy in a green sweater playing Nintendo. Boy in a green jacket and a girl in red playing video games. A blond-haired girl and boy play video games indoors. A young boy and girl playing a video game.	Two boys climbing.	contradiction
Bald male in yellow shirt and orange pants, playing a guitar, hooked to many wires on an electric board, with a yellow stage light beaming off the white wall. Three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments. Three men are playing some electronic, stringed instruments. Three musicians are playing their instruments.	Men laugh together.	contradiction
Two steeplechase horses, running parallel, make an obstacle leap, on the course with their riders. Two horses and jockeys are jumping over a barrier that they pushing down as they jump. The jockey in red and blue stripes is losing the horse race. Two jockeys on their horses on a racetrack.	An animal ridden by a rider.	entailment
A toddler boy playing in his garden with his arms spread wide open. A toddler playing outside in a garden with a coat and hat on. A young boy shows his joy and excitement at seeing a garden. A young boy helping plant new flowers.	Children standing in a row.	contradiction
A man in a red hat and a woman in a black dress are sitting outside a building on the street. A man wearing dark sunglasses and a hat sits next to a woman with a black hat. A man and women sitting on the floor and the guy is having a drink. A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.	An Asian couple sitting.	neutral
A very small boy carries a bicycle tire on his shoulder. A young boy is carrying tire rubber down a dirty road. A small child is holding a tire over his shoulder. A small child is carrying a large hoop.	A child walking a dog.	contradiction
A man in black and a man in blue with a tattooed arm balance atop a plank several stories high. Construction workers balance on a narrow beam far above the ground. Two men are walking along scaffolding near a building. Two men walking on scaffolding.	Man standing on the corner.	neutral
Two young boys are getting temporary tattoos on the street. Little boy watching baby as brother gets a henna tattoo. Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady. A child showing off his painted tattoo.	Asian boys standing.	neutral
Man in olive shirt chiseling away at large stone in a workshop. An artist enthusiastically works on a sculpture. A man chiseling a large piece of rock. A man in a tan shirt sculpting stone.	Guys sitting at a table.	contradiction
Two older women, one in darker clothing and one in lighter clothing, gather up grain as they work on the field. Two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields. Two women in an agricultural landscape sorting crop. Two people in a field gathering crops	A woman standing outdoors.	contradiction
A jet plane departing the airfield and ascending into the sky. An airplane high in the sky with a man walking on the ground. An airplane is visible low in the sky over the airport. An airplane takes off in the air.	A man looking into a telescope.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt is walking in front of a billboard with an animated dinosaur on it. A man in a black jacket facing a dinosaur sign. A man is walking by Brenmark Tools & Fasteners. A man walks past dinosaur billboard.	A man standing bent over.	contradiction
Two people are wearing bright orange hard hats while working alongside a building while elevated in a blue piece of construction equipment. Construction workers repairing a wall in a cherry picker. There is a tree or vine on the side of the building. Workers working on the side of a building.	Men working on a fence.	contradiction
A woman holding a grocery bag is standing next to a man holding a grocery bag and a dog on a leash. A man smoking and holding the leash to a dog is standing next to a woman wearing sunglasses. Pedestrians, one with a small dog in a pink jacket, are waiting to cross an intersection. A man smoking a cigarette is walking his dog next to a lady wearing a blue striped jacket.	A man carrying something.	entailment
A group of people are at tables looking towards a speaker. A group of elderly people are meeting together in a room. A group of people are conversing with one another. People are gathered at a meeting.	A woman addressing a group.	neutral
A woman in a beige sweater and a man in a black jacket, among others, shopping in a Christmas department of a store. The Christmas-themed section of a store, populated by a handful of shoppers. Shoppers look for Christmas gifts at Harrod's department store. People are shopping around Christmas time for decorations.	A group shopping.	entailment
A number of people standing and laying under a mountain covered in snow. Sledding and skiing enthusiasts gather at a snowy rock formation. Snow skiers gather at the bottom of a snowy hill. Some people hanging out in the snow.	A bunch of people sitting.	neutral
A man wearing a rain jacket cooking on a grill while a couple people watch and a gentleman smiles into camera. The man in the background is grilling food while the man in the foreground is talking to the camera. A man wearing glasses and a blue jacket is smiling while men behind him are cooking on a grill. Some men in windbreakers grill hotdogs.	Men standing around a grill.	entailment
A young boy tries to catch an orange and yellow Frisbee in a green, grassy field. A young boy wearing a military sunhat catches a Frisbee outdoors. A young boy wearing a large hat reaches to catch a Frisbee. A small child is near a Frisbee.	A child throwing a toy.	contradiction
A black greyhound in white and green coming up on the rear of a white greyhound in yellow and black in a race. The greyhound is running in a race. Racing dog with yellow number 8 vest A greyhound running on a track.	A dog has a muzzle.	neutral
A picture of net fishermen on boats taken with a distorted lens. Fishermen cast nets from dugout canoes into the water. There are five people out in the lake. Small fishing models float in water.	A group outing.	entailment
Two girls are wearing pink, one has design print on her pajamas, and the other one is just plain pink while, holding each a bed and table from a dollhouse. The two little sisters in their pink pajamas are playing with their dollhouse and getting along so well. Why aren't these girls in the kitchen instead of playing with toys? Two young girls wearing pink pajamas playing with doll furniture.	Children sit.	neutral
A high school band is marching down a crowded street wearing kilts. The Riverview High School Kiltie Band marches in a parade. The Riverview High School Kiltie Band on Parade. A high school band is walking in a parade.	Girls walking.	neutral
There are four people dressed in warm clothes sitting in the snow in front of a huge piece of ice. Four people sitting in the snow at the base of a frozen waterfall. A group poses for a picture in front of a frozen waterfall. Four people crouched near an ice formation.	Couples pose.	neutral
Three people each lead one camel with riders in a silhouetted line across sand dunes and a gray sky. Three camels are carrying passengers through a desert. A group of people and camels walking in the desert. People on camels crossing desert horizon.	A couple walking.	contradiction
A toddle aged boy in a blue baseball hat is being helped off of monkey bars. Someone is trying to detach the boy from a ladder. Little boy wearing blue snoopy hat. Toddler playing at the park.	A child holds hands.	neutral
A person is walking on a sidewalk and a skeleton is on the left inside of a fence. A skeleton sits on a fence on the edge of a road. There is a large skeleton behind a fence. A skeleton sits on the bushes.	A woman walks down a street.	neutral
A tattooed man pouring beer out of a bottle into a young man's mouth. A tattooed man pours a beer into the mouth of a thin blond man. A tattooed man on a stage pours beer into another man's mouth. Man serving another man a beer without using a cup.	Men drinking outside.	neutral
A group of young children wearing backpacks are gathered together and watching a woman in brown shorts and a white t-shirt. A group of teenagers and children with backpacks congregates in the grass under a tree. There is a group of small children some wearing backpacks sitting on a hill. A group of young kids sitting on the grass.	Children listen.	neutral
A brown dog lays in the snow while posing for a picture. A brown dog is laying in the snow. A brown dog playing in the snow. A brown dog is laying on snow.	A tan dog sitting.	neutral
A man with a beard sits with a guitar that's opened up, and wires exposed. A man in a black t-shirt smiles as he sits in front of a guitar. A man in a black shirt working on a guitar. A bearded man repairing guitars.	A guy doing something.	entailment
This is an aerial shot of people sitting outside in chairs on a patio and drinking. A group of people with paper cups sitting around a fire talking. People sit on folding chairs outside in front a burning fire. Some people are on a patio and there is a fire.	A man holding a drink.	neutral
After playing with her other toys, the baby decides that the guitar seems fun to play with as well. Toddler sits on carpet in living room touching guitar. A baby sitting on a rug reaching for a guitar. A child is playing with a guitar.	A little girl sitting on the floor.	neutral
A bald man with a tattooed head stands next to a man with a brown t-shirt in front of a transparent awning. A bald man with tattoos on his head a face stands with a man in tan with backs turned to the camera. Two men are standing : one has body modifications and the other is wearing a hat. Two men, one of which is bald, in a bathroom.	Two men walk down a street.	contradiction
Person in a black hat, jacket, pants and shoes sitting on concrete curb against a brick background. A girl wearing an hat and holding an iPod sits on the side of a building. A single woman wearing a black hat and leather jacket listening to music Person listening to mp3 player sitting on curb.	A man sits on a sidewalk.	neutral
Two men, one wearing a hat, the other fixing a bike are surrounded by numerous other bicycles while the tool box is open. This is a bicycle repairman showing his son how to work. Two men surrounded by several bicycles repairing them. Two men repairing a red bike.	A man watching a boy.	contradiction
A lady in a pink hat is looking at food that is placed in large trays on the side of the road. A blue charter bus driving by a woman in a pink hat making food for her shop. A woman in a pink hat is working at an outside vendor. A woman is working at a food stand in the city.	A vendor selling food on a street.	entailment
Two males are walking while a female is holding an umbrella with white polka dots. Two young men walking on a city sidewalk in the rain. Young men walking down a city sidewalk in the rain. A man looks back while laughing and walking.	A man smiles.	entailment
The girl is wearing a white shirt and red pants, and jumps through water. A brown-haired little girl is jumping through squirts of water. Little girl is jumping up in the sprinklers getting soaked. A young girl in red pants plays in a water fountain area.	A girl runs.	contradiction
A man with a baseball cap and glasses and a lady with a bandage on her left are sitting at an outside cafe that is roped off. A man in a black hat sitting with a woman with glasses. The man and the woman are sitting at a table. A couple sitting a table outside a cafe.	Cyclists taking a break.	contradiction
A man in a blue dress shirt and jeans sits on concrete steps outside of a bank. A man in blue jeans is sitting in front of a Canadian bank. A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on a concrete ledge. A man in a blue shirt sitting in front of a building.	A man taking a break from his job.	neutral
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk in the snow all wrapped up because of the cold weather. A group of skiers walk across a snow covered sidewalk. People in line with their skis at a ski resort. Kids carry their skis down the street.	A group standing.	neutral
A large group at a concert or fair all looking at a man in a white shirt. A large crowd is gathered outdoors on a sunny day. Fans are cheering at a performance. A large crowd swarming a guy.	A crowd watching someone.	entailment
A man without a shirt runs through water spraying out of a large silver dome. People playing outside near a water fountain getting wet. A large crowd plays in and around a fountain. Sprinkler goes off in the middle of a crowd.	A group standing.	entailment
His wife is telling him he needs to eat healthier and he is arguing that all the healthy food tastes gross. An old man in a brown jacket with white hair and a beard talks to an old woman. An older man speaks to an older woman in Fairway grocery store. An overweight individual is leaning over a market counter.	A couple standing.	neutral
In pool surrounded by plants, one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl. The girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water. A girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool. One girl throws water on another in a pool.	A girl dumps water.	entailment
A woman is using clothespins to hang up laundry outside on a laundry line. A young woman wearing white clothing is pinning clothes on a clothesline. Women in white, with white bonnet, clothespins fabric on a clothesline. A young woman wearing a headscarf is hanging laundry on a clothesline.	A lady hangs up clothing to dry.	entailment
A man in a hooded sweatshirt is on a ladder drilling into a building while three people watch him. The worker is standing on a ladder on a city sidewalk repairing the building with a large drill. Cleaning & repairing the walls by a gentleman in a ladder. A man using a large drill on a city building.	A man doing work.	entailment
Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail. A group of young adults hiking a mountainside. A group of people hiking up the side of a hill A group of hikers hiking along dirt trail.	Two boys walk.	neutral
Two skateboarders wearing their helmets riding down a street. Two downhill skateboarders round a curve while others watch. Two skateboarders wearing helmets are going around a turn. A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill.	A man crouches.	contradiction
A lone woman wearing a bikini on a beach walking a dog on a leash A woman in a bikini pulls a dog on a leash at the beach. A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach. A woman walking a dog on a beach.	A woman standing.	contradiction
A man with a long black hair and beard, wearing a black shirt is sitting on rocks within a fenced in enclosure while holding the paw of a young polar bear. A man sits outdoors comfortably with his arms around a pale bear. Man sitting in a wild life scene playing with a polar bear. A bearded man cuddles with a bear at the zoo.	A man petting an animal.	entailment
Five women are all sitting on the floor together working on a project. Five women sitting on the floor sewing on a mutual project. These five people are working together on an art project. Five women working on a craft together.	A group knitting.	neutral
An older couple shares a loving moment leaning over a railing overlooking the ocean. An elderly couple enjoy some time alone on the boardwalk overlooking the ocean. A couple gazing out into the ocean from a bridge. This is a couple in love.	A man stands.	neutral
A group of girls next to a group of boys and both are singing. A group of singers auditioning on a Broadway stage. Fourteen member of a choir sing on a stage. Choir singers performing on stage.	A group of women standing.	neutral
An elderly man in a tan jacket is crossing a city street. Man in tan jacket walking in the street. An older man is walking down the street. A man walks in the street.	A man walks around a corner.	neutral
A man wearing a black knit hat with a green strip and a blue jacket is standing on a ladder while a woman in a red jacket and teal hat steadies the ladder. A man in a blue jacket is up on a ladder that is being help up by a woman in a red jacket Man on a ladder staring at the camera, being helped up by a woman. Standing on a ladder with the help of a friend on a chilly day.	A man standing near a wall.	contradiction
A man bends down in an outdoor area that is also covered while birds walk around him. A bald man in a monastery with pigeons and brightly colored hangings. A man is bent over working outside under red green and yellow flags. A man is cleaning out a small temple.	A man crouches.	entailment
A woman in a brightly colored top sitting on the floor using an Apple brand laptop. A woman sits on the floor, working on an Apple laptop. A female student does research on her apple laptop. This is called stylish technology.	A woman looking at her computer.	entailment
A little girl in an orange toy fir hat watching from the door. Little girl playing dress up in room next to her toys. A little girl in a hard hat next to her toy shelf. A little girl in a play room.	A child playing hides.	neutral
Two people fence with one another, and one is poked in the stomach. One person scoring a hit on another person while fencing. A fencing match between Russia and Italy. Two swordsmen practice their sport.	Fencers competing.	entailment
Children walk past a three story abandoned and shuttered brick building. A mother and her two children in front of an old, worn-down building. Three people are walking outside of a run down red brick building. Three people walk past a red brick building.	A woman carrying a red purse.	neutral
A man, wearing a black and white wetsuit, is hanging onto a rope being pulled by a boat and is sideways over the water. A person is skiing whilst flipping through the air above a beautiful body of water. A young man in a bodysuit is taking part in a water sports activity. Parasailer doing flip in midair.	A man performing a trick.	entailment
A man with brown dreadlocks who is wearing a dark blue, flowing tunic, plays electric guitar in front of a bald man in a yellow shirt who is playing drums. An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer. A man with dreads and a guitar, is clapping while performing on stage. A musician with dreadlocks is preparing to play a guitar with a band.	A man with long hair plays an instrument.	entailment
Soldiers in a marching parade standing still at attention. Men in uniform with swords standing in formation. A group of military men walking through town. Military guys marching for the crowds.	Some soldiers standing.	entailment
A man in a cowboy hat on a horse swinging a rope to catch a bull. A man is riding a horse and trying to lasso a cow. A man on a horse swings a lasso. A man on a horse with a lasso.	An animal ropes a calf.	contradiction
A family is enjoying a sunny day, while laying on the green grass. Three teenagers laying in a field and socializing with each other. A family of three bask in the sun in a park. A family doing a picnic in the park.	A woman sitting in a grass.	neutral
The man wearing the brown jacket is holding a cigarette and the man behind him is holding a can of beer. A young man stands in a crowd beside another young man holding a beverage can. A man has his hands up while standing next to another man with a drink. Two young men are at a party.	Two men posing for the camera.	neutral
A blond boy with a long purple Mohawk is playing the violin. A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin. A boy with a purple, spiky Mohawk plays violin. A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.	A kid playing an instrument.	entailment
An elderly man wearing a hat and blue jacket is folding his hands. An old man is speaking in a brown fedora and blue jacket. A man in a brown hat and blue jacket is standing outside. A male with a hat and glasses is standing around.	A man talks.	entailment
A young man, his shoes and backpack on the ground beneath him, lounges in a blue hammock slung between two small trees on a riverbank. A man lying in a hammock with his shoes and backpack on the ground. A boy is relaxing in a hammock by a river. A person sleeping in a hammock	A man resting.	entailment
A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course. A man jumps high in the air above a wooden ramp with a bicycle. A bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp. A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp.	A biker does a trick.	entailment
Asian people walk down a street with billboard advertisements in the background. A group of Asian people are walking on a busy street. A crowd of Asians walking around the city. A busy crosswalk somewhere in Asia.	Men and women walking.	entailment
Young male wearing a hoodie, is performing stunts on his skateboard. A man in a white hoodie doing an skateboard trick on two stairs. A person doing a skateboard flip next to a black trashcan. A man is skateboarding down 2 stairs.	A skateboarder does a trick.	entailment
A bike rider is airborne with a daytime sky in the background. The teen jumps the hill with his bicycle. A BMX rider gets a lot of air. A male airborne on a bicycle.	A man performing a trick.	entailment
A woman with blue hair and ripped pantyhose sits against a blue wall while playing her guitar. A woman with blue hair is playing the guitar leaning against a blue wall. A lady with blue hair sit and plays a guitar in front of a blue wall. A young woman is playing a guitar on a street.	A woman plays an instrument on a sidewalk.	entailment
The mountain bike is being ridden on a trail through the wood that is marked out by red tape. A biker going up a path lined with red tape. Biker in colorful clothes riding a trail. A BMX rider takes air along the course.	A rider does a jump in the forests.	entailment
Three people are walking down the street with cars and buildings in the background. Three people walking on a sidewalk with 3 light colored cars in the background. Three people wearing winter clothes standing on the sidewalk near a street Three people stand along a main road.	Men walking.	neutral
A man is scratching a rock with a red hammer. A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe. A closeup of a man that is rock climbing. A man cuts down a tree with an ax.	A man uses a tool.	entailment
In what appears to be a college dormitory, a group of students are sitting on the steps; some are using technology and others are just relaxing and socializing. Students are sitting lined up on stair steps while they wait and check their electronic devices. Row of students taking a quick rest down the steps. Crowd of people hanging out on the stairs.	Women sitting on a stairway.	entailment
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball. Girls in brightly-colored clothes plays with a blue ball. Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball. A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.	A child kicking a ball.	entailment
A dirty dog is lying on the pavement in a building with a green wall. A dog takes a nap in the middle of a busy alley. A sheep on the floor of an industrial building. There is a sheep lying on the ground.	A dog sleeping.	neutral
A man in black pants and shirt is holding a guitar and standing next to a microphone in front of a pink background. An excited man in black plays the guitar against pink lighting. A man on stage playing guitar beside a microphone. A man playing guitar in front of a microphone.	A man turns his head.	neutral
A black dog runs in a grassy yard while a woman dressed in green watches from in front of a tan house. A dog and master play in a grassy residential backyard. A black dog runs in a yard while a woman observes A man is watching his dog in his yard.	A dog standing.	contradiction
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy. A white and brown dog playing with a black toy. A white and brown dog is playing tug-of-war. A dog playing with a toy.	A dog tugging on a rope.	entailment
A man in a white uniform is standing, looking over a ledge, with tall buildings and palm trees in front of him. A man stand in front of a brick wall with the city in the background. The guard is looking at the city past the wall. A uniformed man stands alongside a brick wall.	A soldier standing.	neutral
Three children are playing together in some water. Three Indian children playing in water. Children swimming in brown river water. A group of kids play around in water.	Some boys posing.	neutral
A kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race. Two kids wearing bright green vests are running while one hands the other a shuttle. Two children running with green jerseys on. Children pass a baton during a relay run.	A group running.	entailment
Woman dressed in a green hat and apron is holding a tray full of drink samples. An Asian girl in a green hat and apron is serving drinks on a tray. The waitress offers complimentary tea to the patrons. A Starbucks barista offering up a tray of drinks	A girl hands out pamphlets.	contradiction
A group of athletes in red shirts are running to finish their race. Men and women wearing are wearing red on the street. A man running in a red shirt and black shorts. A group of runners in a race occupy a street.	Men competing in a marathon.	neutral
People in colorful, multicolored costumes hold hands during a street parade. People dressed up in festive costumes and holding hands. People are wearing bright colored costumes. Very colorful people dancing in a parade.	Men and women dancing.	entailment
Two small puppies run along the edge of a stone wall nearby a heavily foliaged area. Two little puppies chase each other on a stone wall. Two puppies run across flat stones in garden area. Two puppies walking on stones.	Two dogs walking on a path.	entailment
A group of children in primarily yellow shirts are being watched over by adults. A group of children, with adult helpers, work together. A large group of Asian boys learn how to dance. Children learning how to dance.	Children getting ready.	neutral
A boy in a blue shirt holds a toy helmet in his hands while standing on a path in a park. A young boy holding a toy helmet is about to have some fun. A boy holding a silver helmet is staring at something. A young blond boy with a helmet.	A man walking.	contradiction
A boy in a white shirt is making a face while his peer and him are working on schoolwork. Two Chinese people are standing by a chalkboard. Two Asian students are doing work at a chalkboard Two young adults are working on a chalkboard.	Individuals standing.	entailment
A man standing by a boat at a dock surrounded by rocky terrain and water and two other boats. A man by a white, yellow and red boat on a boat ramp near the water. Man cleaning boat, at boat dock. An old man is cleaning his boat.	A man tends to a tree.	contradiction
A brown dog wearing a black collar running across the beach. The large brown dog is running on the beach by the ocean. A brown dog is running along a beach. Brown dog running on the beach.	A dog walks.	contradiction
A brown and black dog is standing on its hind legs trying to catch something. German Shepherd standing up snapping at droplets of water A German Shepherd playing with water in the grass. A dog plays on the grass.	A dog jumping up.	entailment
Four men in black suits play instruments in front of bushes. Four older gentlemen playing wind instruments on a stage. The picture is of four men playing at an outdoor wedding. Four old white men are playing instruments.	Some men stand.	neutral
Latino man hanging out a window cover trying to sell ice cream out of a street cart. Man selling ice cream takes a break underneath a window. Man with ice cream cart standing against a wall. A man in baggy clothing sells goods outdoors.	A man stands in front of a building.	entailment
A man with a tattoo on the left side of his left leg plays a drum set while sitting under yellow lights. Seen from a low angle, a man in a tank top plays the drums. A drummer in blue shirt and shorts is performing on a stage. A man playing drums with a tattoo on his leg.	A musician sitting.	entailment
A brown-haired man with glasses, playing a guitar in an apartment studio. A man, with glasses, is playing an acoustic guitar. A man in glasses playing an acoustic guitar. A man playing the guitar.	A casually dressed man playing an instrument.	neutral
Two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains. Two people riding bikes through a mountainous region. Two cyclists traverse a green terrain. Two people are riding bikes up a hill	A man bicycles.	neutral
A young child runs down a gravel road covered with dead leaves. A child in a gray jacket is running along a leafy path. The child plays among the leaves in the autumn. A young child runs outside amidst fall leaves.	A child walks.	contradiction
An impoverished person, wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes, is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water. A man crouches by the bank of a muddy stream, sifting through rocks and pebbles on the ground. A famished person is sitting beside a trash filled stream. A person playing with a rock next to some dirty water.	A child squatting.	contradiction
A person wearing a black helmet rides a red bike through the woods. A BMX bike rider in a black and red uniform on a dirt bike. Dirt bike rider getting ready to start down the slope. A person on a BMX bike.	Biker riding bicycle.	entailment
A woman in sunglasses with short blond hair shakes a red tambourine. Three women raising their hands in the air. People performing with instruments. People singing and dancing.	Women playing music.	entailment
A climber wearing a white helmet is perched on the side of a rock face. The man in a blue shirt, wearing a helmet, is readying to climb. A man wearing blue climbs a steep cliff. The rock climber looks down from above.	A lone climber climbing a wall.	entailment
A balding man in a gray jacket reads the newspaper while riding on public transportation. An older gentleman with disheveled hair and a blue jacket reads a pamphlet on the subway. An old man on a train reading a newspaper. A man sitting and reading.	Elderly man sitting on a couch.	contradiction
A girl in a pink shirt raises a piece of candy in the air that she just won out of a small claw machine while a man looks over at her. A girl dressed in a pink shirt, jeans, and flip-flops sitting down playing with a lollipop machine. A woman in an office has just won a piece of candy from a small table top crane game. A woman shows off the candy she received from a mini candy machine.	A woman holding an object.	entailment
A little girl wearing an orange Halloween shirt with long blond hair and blue eyes crawls through a tunnel. A little girl in an orange shirt is inside a corrugated metal tunnel. The beautiful young girl goes through the tube. Small girl in tunnel.	A child climbing.	contradiction
Peaceful older lady who has finally fallen asleep after reading her book. An older woman with gray hair and glasses, taking a nap in bed. An older woman is lying down in her bed. Grandmother laying in her bed asleep.	A woman sleeping in a bed and blanket.	entailment
This is actually two different images and they are both of men wearing brightly colored blue and red clothing walking in front of onlookers. This is a double image of a man, woman, and child watching two different men in cultural attire walk by carrying guns. A family of three people are watching men in costumes pass by. A couple and child are watching people walk by.	A group sitting on a curb.	neutral
A woman in a green dress sitting in a broken green and yellow chair. A girl with brown hair sitting on a lawn chair. A young girl outside on a rainy day. A woman sitting on a lawn chair.	A child looking at the camera.	contradiction
Two smiling and animated brown-skinned children with middle-eastern clothing are standing outside on the dirt. A young boy and girl are laughing together as the girl holds up a hand sign. Two children smiling and making funny hand signals. Happy children rocking out and smiling.	A little girl smiling.	entailment
A kid is in the ready position under a building and behind an archway. A person is in the middle of an archway on a brick floor. Someone bent a bit in the middle of a large building. A child is playing underneath a larch arch.	A child stands.	entailment
Several people are washing themselves off using showers at the beach. Beach-goers in bathing suits use the outdoor showers on a pier. Two obese women are pulling ropes at the pier. Obese women at public showers on sand.	Women stand.	neutral
A man wearing a red shirt and black shorts on a unicycle holding three baseball bats for a crowd of people. A street performer rides a high unicycle while balancing juggling devices. Man standing on a tricycle riding in front of a crowd. A man on a very tall unicycle entertains the crowd.	A group sitting.	neutral
A woman in a red vest helps a child with a bathroom sink. A woman helping a child wash his hands in a bathroom. A lady is helping a young child wash his hands. Two adults and a small child washing hands.	Child stands.	entailment
A black and white dog is being soaked with a jet of water in a blue paddling pool. A dog sticking its face into the shower from a garden hose. A black and white dog drinking water from a water spray. A small white dog gets sprayed by water	A dog jumping.	neutral
A black sheepdog is chasing a gray sheep around a pen. A border collie rallies a lamb in a fenced in area. The dog is chasing the goat around the yard. A dog chases a sheep in an enclosure.	A dog runs around an animal.	entailment
A young man wearing a blue jacket with a phone to his right ear, on his laps is a child with a pen in his right hand scribbling on a card, both are shielded by a frame. A father watches his son on his lap doodle on a piece of paper, while the father talks on the phone. A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper A man using a telephone at a desk has an infant seated on his lap who is writing with a pen.	Man showing his small child.	entailment
A nursing staff in front of a cart that says magnet is you. Medical workers standing behind a "Magnet is You" cart. Group of smocked people reading books in front of cart. Some hospital employees reading books in a hallway.	A doctor and women standing.	neutral
A table of women sit under a line of flags that is strung across the room. A group of people are sitting at a table with flags hanging above them. People sitting in chairs with a row flags hanging over them. A group of women sit underneath a banner of flags.	A group works on a project.	neutral
Little boy in blue shirt and gray shorts running at a park. A little boy in shorts and blue t-shirt runs on the grass. A boy with red shoes runs across a field. A young boy running on a field	A boy running through a grassy area.	entailment
An older woman is taking a photograph through a window of a young woman with coffee and cigarettes who is sitting at a restaurant table filling out papers with a blue pen. An older lady takes a picture while a young lady sits on the table minding her own business. A woman at a cafe is drinking coffee while doing paperwork. A woman is studying in a restaurant.	A woman doing some sort of work.	entailment
Two older men with walking sticks, wearing baggy middle eastern shepherd's clothing, one of whom is wearing a turban and the other a skull cap are crouching on pavement in front of a blue wall. Two elderly Middle Eastern men crouch along a blue wall, both have canes. Two elderly Middle Eastern men with canes squat against a painted wall. Two elderly men are crouched against a blue wall.	Men sitting.	contradiction
The boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball. A kid in red falls as he struggles with a kid in white to get to a soccer ball. Little boys running and chasing a soccer ball. Children chasing the ball in a soccer game.	Two teams playing soccer.	entailment
A street performer on stilts walks on the stone tiles and discovers the thief escaping with the suitcase. A pair of street performers, one on stilts and the other with a suitcase, perform outdoors. A man in a white suit walking on stilts. Street performers entertain on street.	A man walks behind a woman.	neutral
Little boy wearing jeans is playing on industrial equipment. A boy in blue jeans stands in the scoop of a bulldozer. A boy crawls under a house outside. A boy stands on a black bench.	A boy climbing.	neutral
A group of men wearing orange reflective vests and pants are posing for a photo. Numerous men wearing orange and reflective clothing pose for a picture. A group of men pose for a picture, all in orange reflective vests. Train station crew wearing bright orange uniforms.	A group standing at a stop.	neutral
A man in blue pants and no shirt is doing a skateboard trick while another man films it. A skateboarder completes a jump while another man records it. Two young men are skateboarding at a park near a large house. A skateboarder is being photographed jumping off a step.	Another guy takes a picture.	entailment
Several women stand in a line in front of a table with a display of lanyards while several other women and one man remain seated at tables in the room. A roomful of women are eating and conversing at a sponsored gathering. A group of women in a room with white walls talking and eating. A group of people of various ages at a conference talking.	A group gathers.	entailment
These two parents are enjoying time out of their house with their new baby boy. A couple strolling a baby down the street together. A brown-haired woman is pushing a baby stroller. Couple taking baby for a walk in a stroller.	A man pushing a baby carriage.	contradiction
Teams assemble on a soccer field wearing blue, red, and yellow uniforms. A soccer game, with a huge crowd in the background. Soccer players all gathered on a field for a game. Soccer players interact on the field.	Soccer teams playing a game.	entailment
Two children are climbing into a SpongeBob SquarePants bounce house as one child climbs out. Two children are entering a bouncy castle while a third looks on. A group of children is entering an inflatable bounce house. Children playing in a jump house with a SpongeBob theme.	Children line up.	neutral
Four men in lime green attire are breakdancing on the sidewalk as a group of pedestrians look on. A team of breakdancers sets up along the side of a road in the city as many onlookers gather. Four men in green tracksuits perform break-dance routines, as a crowd of onlookers forms. Four dancers on a street corner breakdancing for an audience.	Three men watch.	neutral
A woman with a hot pink inflatable bed is walking along the water with a young girl in a red dress. A woman carrying a pink air mattress, while walking with her daughter. People walking on a paved walkway near a sea port. A woman and girl walking and holding beach toys.	A child carrying a ball.	neutral
The man in the red shirt and the woman with the white bag are conversing. A man in a red shirt is interacting with a woman holding a shopping bag. A woman is purchasing items from the man in the red shirt's yard sale. A woman in a black shirt is holding a plastic bag.	An older man talking.	neutral
A woman in a blue shirt is surrounded by pigeons as she sits on the grass. A brown-haired lady dressed all in blue denim sits in a group of pigeons. A woman wearing jeans and a denim jacket is feeding pigeons. A woman feeds pigeons in the park.	A bird flies.	contradiction
An African American worker putting food into the oven while looking at the camera. The chef is taking a baked item from the oven. A young man who is baking and loves it. Man in white putting food in oven.	A man holding a sheet.	contradiction
A small girl wearing a white and multi-print dress sitting at the bottom of a slide. A little girl in a white sundress smiles and slides down a blue slide. A little girl on a blue slide at a playground. A young girl is at the bottom of a slide.	A child going down a slide.	entailment
A person is reaching up to touch the middle light fixture hanging from a ceiling. A man touching a hanging strand of lamps. A man hangs up unusually decorated lamps. A man adjusting a paper lantern display.	A man turning.	neutral
Several people in a band jumping up and down to the music. A man in blue pants is jumping while band plays music. People talk near stereo equipment outdoors. A band member jumps in the air.	A group jumps.	entailment
A man turns his head to the side as he sits with a woman on a dark street with lights. Two people are having an intimate conversation on the side of the road. A man and a woman standing on a city street talking to each other. A man hitting on a girl on a metro city street at night.	A man standing near bikes.	neutral
A dog swims through the water while holding a stick in its mouth. Dog is swimming through water with a piece of wood in its mouth. A German Shepherd carries a small log in the water. German Shepherd retrieving large stick from water	A brown dog carries an object.	entailment
Two large dogs, one light colored and one dark, running through snowy terrain. Two dogs jump in a snowy field with snowcapped rocks in the background Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area. Two dogs leap through snowy grass and rocks.	Dogs run across the snow.	entailment
A young girl wearing Mardi Gras beads and a green dress is accompanied by two boys, one on foot and one on a bicycle, as she walks down a dirt road. A father helps his son ride a bike across dry, and dusty dirt accompanied by his sister adorned in a green dress. Two children, one of which is being helped by an adult in a tank top to ride a bike. Three young African children in a poor part of Africa one riding a bike.	A parent teaching his son.	entailment
A woman with an orange knitted object on her hand and another in her lap. A woman is inspecting an ankle warmer. A woman is trying on knit arm warmers. An older woman trying on a new glove.	A woman enjoying herself.	neutral
Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet. Two older girls hold a younger girl between them indoors. Two girls hold up their younger sister. Two girls lift a third girl.	Girls hold up another girl.	entailment
Two girls playing a soccer game with a red and white ball. A young teenager is getting ready to kick a soccer ball. Two young women partake in a game of soccer. Group of girls playing a soccer game.	Children playing soccer on a field.	entailment
A group of foreign exchange students having a good time and enjoying the city life in the astonishingly busy streets of New York as they enjoy their first time being in the United States. A group of young people most wearing red wave for the camera as they walk by buses. A group of young men dressed in red walk past a tour bus. A sports team getting off their bus.	Men standing in front of a bus.	entailment
Several individuals getting together to play the bagpipes and eat some cuisine. A room with four people playing bagpipes with a couple other people watching. People playing bagpipes in a kitchen. A group of people playing bagpipes.	Men playing instruments in a kitchen.	entailment
A rugby player has emerged from the pack with the ball in his hands. Rugby player in red gets ready to toss the ball. Ruggers are competing in a fierce game of rugby Men playing a game in red uniforms	A group plays soccer.	contradiction
A boy in a black shirt and red wristbands hanging upside down while other people look on. A man hangs upside down in a busy park as three people are clearly seen looking at him. An upside down man in a black shirt with red wristbands. A man is upside down in the air.	A man doing a somersault.	neutral
An Asian man in a black shirt and jeans rides his black and red bicycle down a railing. A boy in jeans, black t-shirt, and blue cap on a bike, leaps over steps. This man has balanced his bicycle on a handrail. A teenager performs a railgrind on his bicycle.	Man sliding.	neutral
Two Asian women are holding up a partially filled trash bag, smiling. Two Asian women carrying a trashcan liner and laughing about it. Two Asian girls hold a trash beg in front of a billboard. Two girls hold a trash bag on the sidewalk.	Asian teens standing.	neutral
A girl with pink and blue balloon on her head is sitting with a group of children on the grass. A group of kids with balloon hats are sitting on the ground. Boy sitting on ground with a pink balloon on his head. Children with balloon hats sit on the grass.	A couple gazing.	neutral
A woman speaks as two men on the panel for the Institute for Politics, Democracy, and the Internet listen. A panel of three individuals speak at the Institute for Politics, Democracy, and the Internet. A woman wearing gray speaks into a microphone at an event while two men listen. A lady wearing a gray jacket is taking into a microphone.	A man sitting.	neutral
A man wearing an orange suit with his face painted white is holding a guitar above his shoulder. Three men are standing on a stage, one is wearing clown makeup and holding a guitar. A musical act wearing clown makeup is performing with a guitar. Various actors perform on a heart shaped stage.	A band entertaining.	entailment
A band, wearing matching shirts, is playing music with a brick wall behind them. Several men dressed in back jumpsuits sing and play instruments. A group of men sing and play instruments. Band plays in tight quarters.	Some members of a choir are singing.	contradiction
A man is demonstrating how to work with clay while at least two people observe. An Asian man demonstrates sculpting clay using his hand and a machine. A potter forms some clay object while three observers look on. A woman and a man watching another man work with clay.	Several bystanders watching.	entailment
A man in an orange hat and brown jacket and pants running on snow in snowshoes. A man with snowshoes is running through the snow. A man in snowshoes runs across the snow. A man running in the snow on a cold day	A man walking up a hill.	contradiction
A red-haired woman in a tank top and rolled up jeans sits atop a large rock in a wooded park, smiling at the camera. A woman in a dark tank top and cuffed jeans is smiling while sitting on top of a large rock or boulder outdoors. A woman sitting on a very large rock smiling at the camera with trees in the background. A woman reclines on top of a large rock with green trees in the background.	A woman posing.	entailment
Gentleman playing an accordion on a boardwalk adjacent to boating docs. A man wearing black playing a red accordion while sitting. A man sits on a bridge by a river, playing the accordion. A man is playing an accordion near the water.	Musician playing an instrument.	entailment
Barefoot girl in a pink shirt tackles the football equipment on the field. A little girl pounces a punching bag on a football field. A girl jumps against a punching bag in a field. A girl jumping over a red punch bag.	A child jumping up.	entailment
A small group of older people sitting on benches watching the waterfront on a sunny day. Three individuals are sitting outside on brown benches next to the water. Some people sit on public benches in front of the ocean. Three people are sitting at benches overlooking water.	Two men and a woman sitting.	neutral
Two horses pull a carriage driven by a woman over snow covered ground. Two horses pulling a sled steered by a smiling blond woman. Two draft horses pull a cart through the snow. Two horses are pulling a woman in a cart.	Animals pull a sleigh.	entailment
A young woman dressed in white with angel wings is balancing a bowling pin, while a man with a clowns nose is catching a bowling pen. A girl dressed in a white angel costume balancing an object on her chin. A street performer dressed as an angel doing a balancing act. A man and a woman are juggling in a public space.	A man hits a ball.	contradiction
Young women saying something into a microphone standing in from on a set of keyboards. A woman playing the keyboard and singing awash in a blue light. A woman is playing a keyboard while singing into a microphone. Singer performing on stage with acoustics	A musician sings.	entailment
A man in a baseball cap holding a guitar with a woman in gray in the foreground. A man holding a guitar in his left hand and his right arm behind his head. A man laughing and holding an acoustic guitar. Man in ball cap plays guitar.	A man smiling.	neutral
Spectators sit by the sidewalk as a man riding a white horse comes by. Caviler does rope tricks on horseback for parade. A man is riding a horse in an event. A man rides a horse in a parade.	A crowd watches.	entailment
Children recite something from white sheet of paper. Three teen girls sing from lyric sheets. A group of girls reading some lines. Girls singing at a talent show.	Little girls reading.	neutral
A man wearing a hat is standing at a food stand leaning on a cooler. A man in a white cowboy selling concessions under a green umbrella. A Latino man leans on one of the coolers in his food stand. A man sells Mexican food by a parking lot.	A man sitting.	contradiction
Two girls in black dresses are standing next to each other in front of brown trees. Two Asian girls with long bangs covering their eyes Two Asian women dressed in black. Two girls in black dresses.	Asian women pose for a picture.	neutral
A skateboarder does a jump on a skateboard over a red object as a man in a khaki top and black hat videotapes him in an area that appears to be a park. Two guys at a skate park, one on a skateboard jumping a red colored obstacle, the other filming him. Skateboarding stunt man in the black shirt is getting recorded by the man in the green shirt. A young man doing flying skateboard stunts in a park while being filmed by another young man.	Another man takes a photo.	contradiction
A man wearing yellow and black is riding a bicycle over a crosswalk while people are watching him. A cyclist in neon yellow uniform rides past spectators behind a yellow banner reading "Lotos." A bicyclist near town is racing in a race while, wearing yellow and a helmet. One vibrantly colored male in a bicycle race.	An audience watches.	entailment
The little boy jumps through the beaded curtain and onto the bed. A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion. A young boy wearing white pants is jumping off the couch. A boy jumps through the air onto something red.	A child holds its arm up.	neutral
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer. A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one. A man in shorts in a lawn chair sits surrounded with plants in a backyard. A man wearing green shoes lounges outdoors.	A man relaxing.	entailment
Young women saying something into a microphone standing in from on a set of keyboards. A woman playing the keyboard and singing awash in a blue light. A woman is playing a keyboard while singing into a microphone. Singer performing on stage with acoustics	A vocalist sings.	entailment
A woman in a brown shirt with her hair tied behind her head is looking through a rather large microscope. A woman looking in a telescope to look at something really small, most likely some sort of science lab. A woman wearing a brown shirt looking through the lens of a microscope in a laboratory. A woman is looking through a microscope.	A woman examines a specimen.	entailment
An older girl and a younger girl playing barefoot in a puddle Two girls are standing in shallow water without shoes. Two girls in denim shorts stand in a puddle of water. Two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk.	Two children walking on a street.	neutral
The girl in the purple top and shorts, wearing a hat, is laughing. A girl in a purple shirt and a pink snoopy hat is laughing. The little girl smiles at the camera with her eyes closed. A closeup of a little girl laughing.	A child stands.	neutral
An African American boy in an orange shirt is standing in a very large rock structure. A young boy in an orange shirt and blue jeans climbing upon some rocks. A young boy standing between a wall and several large boulders. A young boy wearing an orange shirt is playing on big rocks.	Child walking.	contradiction
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground. The young girl is standing on one leg. A girl running with outstretched arms A little girl is running.	A child running on sand.	entailment
A woman in a white hat and a white t-shirt with a red basket woven purse is talking to a woman in a green shirt and red hat. A woman in a white baseball hat reveals her tan line to her friend, who wears a sunhat A young girl in a white hat with an older woman in a tan hat. Two women looking at the arm of the woman on the left.	An Asian woman standing.	neutral
Five women and two me come together for a photo in a bar. A group of seven people posing for a picture in a bar. A group of young individuals posing for a picture. A group of friends is posing in a pub.	A group huddle.	entailment
A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain. A man and woman wearing sunglasses sitting on a rock. A man and woman sit on the rocky overlook. A man and a woman sit on rocks.	A couple sitting.	entailment
A man in a black beanie and green jacket sits on a rock on a staircase and speaks to two other people. I don't see a picture I don't see a picture I don't see a picture I don't see a picture A man in a black knit hat is pointing a finger towards the sky. Man in a green jacket sitting on steps.	Men talking.	neutral
Several teenage boys are sitting in grocery carts in a parking lot. Boys with bottles pose in shopping carts in urban area. Teenagers play in shopping carts of a rooftop. Four young males pose on shopping carts.	Some guys sitting.	entailment
A small boy with a white shirt and red striped tie has his hand on a door and there are several pairs of shoes beside the door. A young child dressed in a fitting white buttoned down shirt, tan pants and red tie stands over shoes on a shoe rack. A little boy in a dress shirt and tie is standing next to a bunch of tennis shoes. A little Asian boy is trying to open a door stepping through a batch of shoes.	A child waiting.	neutral
While doing tricks, the skateboarder is at the top of the half pipe. A teenage male grinds on his skateboard. A person in a red shirt on a skateboard. A person riding a skateboard.	A skater does a trick.	entailment
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them. A woman listening to earbuds while interacting with a man. A black man is buying a drink from a street vendor. A woman giving a cup to an African American man.	A woman serving a beverage.	entailment
A man with a black hat and black beard is reading a magazine sitting on a blue bench. The man reading a magazine is sitting in the large room. A man with a hat sits in a booth and reads. A man sitting on an empty train	A man leans against a window.	contradiction
Person in yellow shorts, gray shirt with logo jumping from bank into the water. A young person wearing a gray shirt and yellow shorts jumping into a river. A boy high in the air above the dirt and water near the red rock cliffs. A medium sized child jumps off of a dusty bank over a creek.	A boy leaps.	entailment
One man playing a red guitar and singing into a microphone has a larger man playing the drums behind him. In front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back. A guitarist and a drummer are playing music. A man is playing a red guitar and singing.	A performer singing.	entailment
A black dog is running behind a brown and white dog across a low cut field. A brown and white dog runs through the grass chased by a black dog. A black dog is chasing a tan and white dog on a sunny day. Two dogs chase down a mowed grass field.	Dogs running in grassy area.	entailment
Two elderly people are sitting on a couch by a younger woman in a pink shirt who is holding a baby. Mother holding newborn infant between her grandparents while sitting on a couch. Three people sit on a sofa, one of which is holding a baby. A young woman holds an infant between an older couple.	A mom sitting.	entailment
A young teacher or student is making a bulleted list of the classroom rules for a Chemistry class. A man is writing something on a marker board in a classroom as someone watches him. A guy is writing on a whiteboard while another student looks on. A man is writing down rules on a whiteboard in a science lab.	Men doing homework.	entailment
A group of people are dancing in a dark nightclub while a man plays the drums. A man plays a drum, among a group of people are gathered in a nightclub. People dancing and playing with drums at a party. A large group of people dancing in a club.	A group enjoying themselves.	entailment
Two people who are wearing colorful robes and masks are standing next to a tall white tower. Two masked clowns posing in front of a cathedral. People dressed in costumes by a clock tower. People on stilts in a parade.	Men putting on a show.	neutral
An older man in flannel and bib overalls stands in his brightly lit workshop. A man in a flannel shirt and denim overalls working with tools in a workshop. An older man inside a workshop wearing glasses. Man in overalls stands in workshop.	A man holding several pieces.	neutral
A man works on engineering a circuit as he monitors the progress on a tablet device. Man observes a wavelength given off by an electronic device. A male working on a scientific experiment. This man is working with an I-pad.	A man sitting.	neutral
A large poster of a shaggy buffalo hangs over the head of a man in a blue shirt holding a red bag. A man holding a red bag, wearing a denim shirt stands in front of an AD featuring a Bull. A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a billboard picture of an ox. A man with a shopping bag stands in front of a billboard featuring a cow.	A man displaying an animal.	entailment
A man wearing a red shirt and work gloves, is smoothing out some gravel underneath a building. A man wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap uses a shovel. A man in a red shirt doing manual labor. A man is filling in a hole with dirt.	A man digging.	entailment
Persons of different races and ethnicities waiting to board a light train. Many people are waiting for the train in a clean indoor station. People in a subway station waiting for their train. Many people are waiting to board a subway.	A crowd waits.	entailment
A woman wearing sunglasses with her two dogs next to her and the ocean in the background. A younger woman sitting near a body of water with a dog. A woman is sitting on a beach with two dogs. A woman sits on the beach with two dogs.	A woman relaxes.	entailment
A mix of kids and adults sitting by a tree that has different colored flags hanging around it. Group of people, mature and young sitting beside the dirt road looking across the road. A bunch of hippies laying on the ground being entertained by something we can't see. A group of people sitting on the side of the road with banners in the background.	A group resting.	entailment
Basketball players in the middle a game with the main subject jumping up to retrieve the ball. A basketball player is shooting while his teammates and the other team look on. Male athlete in midair, wearing white shorts and high top shoes. A College Basketball player makes a Layup.	Man jumps.	entailment
People laying and sitting near some audio and visual equipment. A group of young adults are relaxing in their pajamas. Five women and one man are smiling for the camera. A guy and five girls hanging out.	Some women pose.	entailment
Very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water. A little boy in a black shirt is leaning away from a water fountain. A little boy playing and getting wet from a park fountain. A child being splashed by a water fountain.	A child walks.	contradiction
A woman in a white shirt, wearing jewelery, is sitting on a couch next to another female wearing a dark colored shirt. Two women on a couch, woman in white appears to be describing something in her hand. Two women are sitting on the sofa, and one woman is eating a snack. A woman sits on a couch while eating a snack.	An asian woman eating food.	neutral
A girl with a large pink bow in her hair puts herbs into a clear plastic bag at a market. A Caucasian woman with blond hair and a pink bow is putting an object into a plastic bag. A woman purchasing greens and sprouts at an outside farmer's market. A woman is selecting fresh foods from an outdoor market.	A woman picks out vegetables.	entailment
A woman with short blond hair sings along with the band at bar. A girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle A woman laughing in a bar. Woman singing at a bar.	A woman makes a face.	neutral
A man in a gray suit and helmet is jumping a yellow dirt bike. A man on a dirt bike jumps slightly as he crests a rise. A dirt bike racer jumps over a slope. A man rides a dirt bike over a hill.	A rider is slightly airborne.	entailment
A male in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans is doing a skateboard trick on a tiled outdoor surface along a river walk. A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background. A man in a green hoodie is trying to do a trick on his skateboard in a park. A young man does a trick on his skateboard in a somewhat crowded park area.	A boy performs a trick on a skateboard.	entailment
Two men are making an arch with their arms and a third man is ducking beneath it. Two people hold their hands together over a third, in front of a lighted stage. Two boy put their hands together while another boy goes under their hands. The man, the wife and the son are playing together.	Three men posing.	neutral
A woman with a camera and tripod with a red shirt is standing next to a stream taking photographs. You have a middle-aged lady who is taking a picture of a river in her sandals. A woman is taking a picture with her camera. A woman taking a photo by a creek.	A woman surrounded by rocks.	neutral
Two children are sitting on their parent laps while an old man is talking to one of them and his parents are watching in amusement. An old man is talking to a boy and his parents are looking The little boy is enjoying the company of his parents. An Indian family fawning over a toddler.	A man holds a dish.	contradiction
A small dog runs after a red ball, though a leafy outdoor area. A small dog is running behind a red ball thrown towards bushes. A brown and black dog running to fetch a red ball. A dog and a red ball in the air.	A dog plays on the grass.	entailment
One girl is stretching face down on a blue mat while a boy is behind her at a kickboxing studio. A boy and woman in martial arts uniforms. Two children in a martial arts class. A young boy helping a girl stretch.	Woman practicing martial art.	entailment
A man holding a yellow surfboard and wearing white shorts looking at the water at other people A black man standing on the beach with a yellow surfboard. Man with surfboard watching the waves and people in water. A man is standing on the beach holding a surfboard.	A man facing the ocean.	entailment
A large group of people are gathered in a courtyard, with some laying on mats. A group of men and women are praying outside. A group of people using mats on the ground. Several people are praying in the square.	A group standing.	neutral
Three women are crossing the street and on is wearing a yellow coat. A woman in a yellow jacket following two other women. Three women in jackets walk across the street. Three women are crossing a street	Three women enjoying a stroll.	entailment
A crying child attempting to ride a skateboard is assisted by an adult male. A young boy on a skateboard is crying while an adult touches his shoulder. A young colored boy crying while on the skateboard. Small child crying with one foot on a skateboard.	A man holds his arm.	neutral
Several men dressed in cowboy boots and hats are hanging around, and one man is getting his shoes shined. Demonstrators waiting for the policemen to hear their grievances against police oppression and brutality. A group of men are waiting to get their boots shined. A man is shining shoes in a marketplace.	Men gathered.	entailment
Two children playing in a kitchen with fly swatters. In the kitchen two little girls are playing tag. Two young girls play in a kitchen at nighttime. Two young girls are playing in a kitchen.	Children laugh.	neutral
A smiling man with a beard holds up a poster showing an abstract elephant cartoon painted in horizontal rainbow stripes. A bearded man in jeans and a blue shirt is outdoors holding a rainbow elephant painted on poster board. A man in a blue shirt is smiling and holding a sign. A man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant.	A man depicting an animal.	entailment
A man in a white sleeveless shirt is operating a looming machine. Man in a tank-top working on textiles. A man is knitting own some machinery. A young man is working on a weaver.	Man makes something.	entailment
A little boy with a blue shirt carries a blue shovel at the beach, as he runs towards a couple of seagulls. Child in tan shorts, blue striped shirt playing on a beach with birds A little child with a shovel is walking on a beach. A young boy chases seagulls on a sandy beach.	Animals swooping.	neutral
A fun, well-lit shot of a house party with three people dancing with glowing wristbands and light sticks, and four others talking in the background. Several people, including a man in a green shirt and a woman wearing a scarf, are dancing at a party. Six people dancing and singing and having fun in bar. People dancing at a party.	Kids dancing.	neutral
A boy opens his mouth wide with delight in a field of giant sunflowers. There is a little boy with his mouth open next to a lot of sunflowers A boy with a huge smile on hid face, in a flower field. A child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers.	A child posing for a picture.	neutral
Two younger women, one holding a small blond girl on her lap, watch as an elderly woman plays Chinese checkers against an opponent in a blue shirt whose back is to the camera. A group of people playing a board game in a dining room or kitchen. Four females and a male play Chinese checkers in someone's home. Four people and a child playing some kind of game	A child sits.	neutral
Students studying at the pavilion restaurant in their campus getting ready for exams. People are at a net cafe, the background shows it is in a city Three people sit at their laptops inside a coffee shop. Two guys and a girl in shop, on laptops.	A group sits.	entailment
The child has a necklace on and is in the water. A little kid is staring into a body of water. A small girl with a necklace is swimming. A child in a lake.	A wet child stands.	neutral
A group of children sitting down and holding basketballs on their laps. Several kids are sitting down and holding basketballs A large group of young children with basketballs. Young children holding basketballs.	Group waiting.	entailment
Three people, one of whom standing in back of the others, holding a can and dressed in red and white shirt that says help me, are cooking in a kitchen. A man with orange balding hair wears a red leather jacket with white paint on it in a kitchen. Two men and one women are standing in front of a stove cooking. Two people cooking in the kitchen as another person looks on.	A man watches his friend.	neutral
Rock band Def Leppard, pictured counterclockwise include Rick Savage, Vivian Campbell, Joe Elliot, and Phil Collen, looking up to drummer Rick Allen on an elevated stage platform during a concert performance. Several musicians are positioned around the drummer and the staircase on a stage. Five people standing at a modern rock concert rehearsal. A rock band stands on stage facing their drummer.	Some men playing instruments.	entailment
A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes attempts a trick on a skateboard above the lip of a bowl. A young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding on a graffitied wall A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp A skateboarder riding inside a swimming pool.	A boy is airborne.	neutral
A man in a straw hat kneels to inspect a flower in the country. Man with a hat on bending to pick a small, yellow flower. An explorer on a dirt trail looking at a flower. A man is looking at flowers in a field.	A man examines a plant.	entailment
Two men sit against a stone monument among snow covered peaks. Two men sit at an encrypted stone in the mountains. Two men sitting next to a tall stone. Two men rest near a mountain range.	A couple sits.	entailment
A man is giving directions at a helicopter landing pad aboard an aircraft carrier. The man is giving directions to keep everyone safe by the helicopter. Men wearing colorful jackets are around a landed helicopter. Seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	Men walk.	neutral
Man seated with his chin in his palm with a bicycle leaning on a wall in the background. A man wearing tan pants and blue shirt is sitting on a sidewalk resting. A man in blue shirt falling asleep by a bike in front of red bricks. Older man in blue shirt rest on a bench.	A man sitting outside talking.	neutral
A group of six young women sit around a table while one of them reads and another two hold tambourines in the air. A group of women are looking through binders and playing tambourines. Six girls are sitting together laughing and playing tambourines. Group of girls having a study party.	Group having fun.	entailment
A professional motorcycle racer raises his arm in victory. A bike racer hold up a hand while riding a motorcycle. The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm. A racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air.	A man on a motorbike riding on a track.	entailment
A groom picks up his bride and kisses her underneath an enclosure at factory. A newlywed couple sharing a kiss under a structure. Newly married couples kissing each other. A bride and groom share a kiss.	A man and woman kissing at a train station.	neutral
Someone wearing a green and white suit is riding an orange motorcycle with the number 244 on the front and there is a structure in the background that has a red arrow on it. Even though completely on track the motorbike swerves to avoid construction debris. A dirt biker is riding through some sand as spectators watch. Dirt bike racing through building debris.	A man rides an orange bicycle.	contradiction
People, including one in a wheelchair, are crossing a city street in a crosswalk. A group of people walking under a streetlight that is green. Pedestrians pass by a firetruck and street workers. People are walking down a busy city street.	A man walking down a sidewalk.	entailment
Three blond girls and two blond women are playing with a jump rope in the dirt. Three young girls and two blond women are jumping rope on the beach. Children playing jump rope on a beach. Women play jump rope with children.	Children perform handstands.	contradiction
An Asian youth with red hair and painted face plays a guitar and sings. A young woman playing guitar and singing on a stage. A young lady is playing a guitar and singing. Singer playing guitar on stage.	A musician plays her instrument and sings.	entailment
A brown and white dog plays with a ball in the dirt. This brown and white dog is chasing a soccer ball. A brown dog is chasing after a soccer ball. The dog runs towards the ball.	A dog jumps.	contradiction
A couple of older people are sitting on a chair in an area surrounded by railing. An elderly couple are sitting on a bench. Two people are sitting on a bench. Two old people sitting on a bench.	A man and woman sit on a bench.	entailment
A man in a yellow waterproof jacket and his companion are on a boat in the open water. Two men, one in a yellow jacket and the other in a blue sweater, are on a boat. Two dark-haired men are sailing a fishing boat. Fisherman on boat out on sea.	Men standing.	neutral
Four men playing rugby two on the green team, two on the white team, one is jumping up. Rugby players playing a match in a field sponsored by McDonald's Men playing a sport during a sunny day. A few guys playing soccer on a field.	Rugby player catches ball.	neutral
A group of men are standing and looking into a makeshift structure, alongside a group of men in yellow and orange construction safety vests. A small group of people, including some who are wearing hard-hats and bright work vests, watch as something un-pictured happens. There is a crowd of people at an outdoor station including some men in hard hats and safety jackets. Three men wearing yellow work vests stand among a group of people.	Workers stand.	entailment
A little girl and boy are sitting on a wooden box reading books. A young boy and girl sit on a blue bench while reading books. Two toddlers are sitting down and reading picture books. A little girl and boy sit while reading books.	Children sitting side by side.	entailment
Three men stand on stage in tuxedos, the man on the left can be seen shaking the hand of someone. Men in tuxedos shaking hands stand behind a white flag. Three men in black tuxedos accepting an award. Three men accepting an honor	Two other men watch.	neutral
A dog stands in deep snow surrounded by trees. A brown and white dog stands in the deep snow. A dog stands up to his elbows in snow. A dog in the snow.	Dog sits.	contradiction
A group of young girls is walking toward the camera in a grassy park studded with yellow flowers, with trees and a parking lot in the background. A group of seven girls running through a field of yellow flowers. A group of young girls is running in a field of yellow flowers Some girls are running through a field of yellow flowers.	Some children running.	entailment
This man is wearing a wetsuit and riding a surfboard. A man in a black wetsuit rides a surfboard on a wave. A man falling off of his surfboard. Surfer leaning back on surfboard.	A surfer balances.	entailment
A man in an orange and white striped shirt sits on a boat holding his phone near his head. A Hispanic man in a white and brown shirt using a cellphone. A fisherman using a cellphone on a boat. An older male on a blue boat.	Man talking.	entailment
A man in a gray and orange shirt stands in front of a streetlight. A man in an orange and black shirt holding a helmet. A young man is standing staring at something. A man in an orange shirt standing.	A man holding a hard hat.	entailment
A middle-aged black man is sitting down looking straight in our direction. Four people sitting on a stone wall that overlooks trees and buildings. Four adults are sitting on a ledge overlooking mountains. Four people sitting on low cement ledge.	A group sits.	entailment
A man in a green t-shirt and long tan apron hacks apart the carcass of a cow while another man hoses away the blood. A green-shirted man with a butcher apron uses a knife to carve out the hanging carcass of a cow. A butcher cutting an animal to sell A man at work, butchering a cow.	Two men work in a shop.	entailment
The skater is descending the wooden wall beside the slope. A young skateboarder rolls down a graffiti-covered ramp. The rider skates down the stair rails. Skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A boy skateboarding in a park.	neutral
Two men discussing business at a table in a seemingly crowded place. Two men sit at a glass table with papers on it. Two men at a table discussing some paperwork. Two men talking in an art gallery.	Men having a discussion.	entailment
In a large crowd, a woman holds a box with a green sign on it saying "its a steal". A lady holds a box that says "It's A Steal." A crowd of people in an outdoor area. Two women are selling goods.	A woman stands.	entailment
There are two guys on motorcycles while a crowd watches on behind a barricade. Motorcycle stunt performer prepares for his next trick as the crowd looks on. A crowd of people looking at two guys on motorcycles. A crowd of people watching a motorcycle event.	Men sitting surrounded by a group.	neutral
Two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen. Two teen girls are looking at a small electronic device while wearing winter coats. Two girls bundled up in winter coats pose for a picture. Two young girls huddle to look at a cellphone.	Women holding drinks.	contradiction
At some sort of large gathering, a group of men who appear to be chefs stand in a circle sharing some kind of food. A group of men and one laughing woman at an outdoor festival. A bunch of men in white shirts are standing a circle. People of Latin descent having a party.	Man enjoying a sandwich.	contradiction
On desolate sandy shore, a boy is drawing in sand with finger while man is standing far away in background. Young child playing in the sand, on a deserted beach. A child making a sand castle on the beach. A barefooted boy on an uncrowded beach.	A kid writing.	neutral
Two hockey players trying to get a puck to go their way while a referee makes a decision. The referee stands in the middle as "Halpern" and "Thornton" play ice hockey. Two hockey players fighting for the puck at center ice. Two professional hockey players battling for the puck.	Players face off.	entailment
A man with crazy eyes in a fedora has his guitar looked at. A funny man in a hat is having his guitar signed. A man signed the yellow guitar that day. A man has a guitar signed by someone.	Businessman smiling.	contradiction
A group of children pose for a picture taken at the dining room table as they sit down for supper. A group of six children varying in age from 7 to 14 are sitting around a dinner table ready to eat. Six children sitting around a rectangular dining table with a green tablecloth and food on it. A family photo of children eating a meal.	Some children looking at the camera.	neutral
A young boy is getting ready to hit a pinata with a blue baseball bat. Boy in red shirt getting ready to hit the pinata. The young boy takes a swing at the pinata. A child gets ready to swing at a pinata.	A boy holds a stick.	entailment
A troupe of three, one with a cello and one with a violin, perform in a room without a stage. Small group of people putting on some kind of a performance. Two men play their instruments while a third sings. Three performers at a show.	An elderly lady talking.	contradiction
Two brunette women in a modern dance pose on a dark black stage while wearing matching outfits of a white camisole and black Capri pants. Two women dressed in black pants and white tops positioned identically with a black backdrop. Two women are posing on a stage with a darkened background, with their arms raised slightly. Two ladies dancing on stage.	Two dancers performing on a stage.	entailment
A man in a hat and a woman in a green shirt and blue vest sit at a restaurant table reading the menu. A man and women are out at Farmosa looking at menus as they chat. A man in a baseball hat is talking to a woman at a restaurant Two people sitting at a table in a restaurant.	A man smiling.	neutral
One woman is sitting on a bench waiting for the subway, while three other women are standing. Four female passengers wait for their train, one is sitting and the rest are standing. Four women wait with their luggage on a train platform. Women waiting to get on the subway.	A group waiting.	entailment
A young man is involved in a game at an outdoor carnival while two girls in background are at the bouncy house. A boy is squatting in front of an empty net while others stand around a bouncy castle behind him. A teenage boy launching a projectile from a homemade catapult. A ma is setting up a game for an outdoor event.	Man kneels.	neutral
A man wearing a yellow shirt and tan pants plays golf outside while being watched by other people. Behind the fence spectators are looking at the golfer with the club in his hand. Tiger woods putts a golf ball toward a hole. Tiger woods about to make a putt	A crowd watches.	entailment
Five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television. Four young men in a room, working on some tasks. A group of teenage boys hang out in a loft. Four students in a college dorm.	Man putting something in his mouth.	contradiction
Basketball players warming up on the court in a nearly empty arena. Sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court. Fans watching a basketball game indoors at a stadium. A shoot around at a women's college basketball game.	Teams getting ready.	entailment
A girl in black is staring off into the distance. A woman stands against a wall near a video camera. A woman in a black coat with a camera on a tripod A woman stands behind a video camera.	A woman leans on a railing.	neutral
The dog with all the comforts of home and yet still has no home. A dog with a collar on lying on the street. Dog relaxing on a busy street for tips. A dog laying on the side of the street.	A dog sits.	contradiction
A man with a white t-shirt and a white shirt with black stripes has two guns pointed at his face. A black male wearing a white shirt with a striped shirt over top is playing with guns. A young black man with two guns pointed at his head. Two men pointing guns at another man.	A woman on a ladder painting the wall.	contradiction
Goofy looking man with a hat on is sitting on a small wooden cart. Odd looking man sitting on a small wagon on a cobblestone street. A man dressed in medieval clothing sits on a medieval type cart. A dressed up man is sitting on a wagon in the middle of a road.	A man with a cloth wrapped around his head.	neutral
Soccer players get in a scuffle as one puts the other in a head lock. A soccer player tackles a player from the other team. Two rugby players fighting on the field A rugby player tackling another.	Men fight.	entailment
A woman is taking a picture of something not in the shot with her phone. A woman in a leopard top takes a picture with her cellphone. A brunette woman in a leopard print shirt taking a picture. A girl in the park is taking a picture.	A girl holding a phone.	entailment
A white man with carrying hair and a beard with a child on his shoulders. A child wearing a red jacket is sitting on the man's shoulders. A man carrying a girl on his shoulders. A child rides on a man's shoulders.	A child holding his head.	neutral
A choir of about fifty teens, the men in black pants and white tuxedo jackets and the women in blue gowns and white gloves, performs in a church setting, led by a conductor. A man in a black suit, is standing in front of a group of people in white suits and black dresses. A man in a tuxedo standing in front of a large group of formally dressed youths. A group of well-dressed young people stand in front of a congregation.	Musicians performing for an audience.	entailment
A man in a blue shirt is looking at the camera while holding up a newspaper in a foreign language. A man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a Hebrew newspaper. Man in a blue shirt, holding a newspaper while looking straight ahead. A man is holding up a foreign newspaper and looking at the camera.	A man looking over his left shoulder.	contradiction
A group of people walking through town on a cobblestone street, with a dark, ominous sky overhead. People are walking along a brick-paved street that is lined with shops under a cloudy sky. People waling around the brick roads shopping People walking in a town's street.	A couple walking.	neutral
A sidewalk artist wearing a black hoodie is creating a large installation of a woman on the sidewalk while being watched by many by-standers. A sidewalk chalk-artist finishing a life-like portrait of a woman. A sidewalk artist crafting their newest masterpiece with chalk. An artist is drawing a portrait.	A woman making a painting.	neutral
A smiling woman stands in front of a body of water with water birds. A woman in a white shirt and dark jacket stands in a marsh. A woman standing in front of water and dry grass smiles. The smiling woman stands in grass near a creek.	A woman laughing.	neutral
Two young boys enjoy playing in shallow water while looking back at the photographer. Two young boys are playing in the water. Two young boys are playing in water. Two boys are playing in the water.	Kids making faces.	neutral
Here is a picture of a toddler girl wearing a dress and eating a cookie and holding a bottle of cold water. A little girl with curly hair is sitting on some stairs, drinking a bottled water, and eating a snack. A small girl is sitting on stairs drinking water and eating a snack. A little girl in a dress sits on the steps to have a snack.	A child sitting on a stoop.	entailment
A person is performing yoga in the ocean under an orange sky. A person performs a yoga posture in shallow waters at sunset. Person performing yoga by the ocean. Person doing a dance on the ocean.	A woman doing yoga.	neutral
Two girls, one in a red sweater and one in a blue sweater are talking with a bald man with a beard siting in a van, and holding small bags of seeds. Two small girls talk to a man wearing sunglasses in a colorful van. Two girls are trying to sell some nuts to the driver. Two young girls talking to a man in a van.	Man sitting.	entailment
A girl treks through the snow with her backpack on. A hiker using hiking poles on a snowy mountain. Someone hikes through a snowy mountain range A hiker is climbing up a snowy mountain.	A woman hiking.	neutral
A person in a red jacket is crossing a snow covered bridge over the cold river in the forest. Person with ski poles and a red jacket, walking on a snow covered tree over water. A man crossing a stream over a log covered with snow in winter. A man is walking across a snow covered log	Traveler walking.	entailment
Men turn to the camera to smile on the middle of three long tables in a refectory. A group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it. Parishioners enjoying themselves at a church dinner. Groups of men sit at banquet tables.	A group dining.	entailment
A little girl is standing by a metal pole holding her fingers up in a v sign. A little girl in a red shirt holds on to a pole near a street. A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street. A young girl holds up a peace sign.	A child holding two fingers.	entailment
A man in an orange vest is standing in the middle of a field. A black-haired man in an orange vest stands in a cornfield. A boy in orange suit is standing in a wheat field. A man in an orange vest standing in a field.	A man holding a gun.	contradiction
A man in a sombrero on a chestnut horse is ahead of several other men on horses. A man riding a running horse with some other men doing the same behind him. Hispanics are on horseback trying to wrangle a free horse. Cowboys are riding on horses in a dirt field.	Riders running.	contradiction
A man waring a polo shirt fixes a ticket machine while persons line up at an adjoining machine. A woman dressed in black with shopping bags is waiting on the sidewalk. A male worker with his tool box is kneeling next to two women. A man working on a ticket box.	Women stand.	neutral
A man sitting in a wicker chair in a white room with one arm draped over the back of the chair, chuckling. A man is sitting in a wooden chair in front of a white bookshelf and orange lamp. A man sitting on a chair Indian style in front of a bookshelf. A man in glasses sitting with his legs crossed.	A man facing the camera.	neutral
A man in a red shirt, white cowboy hat, chaps, and cowboy boots rides a brown bucking bronco in a rodeo. A cowboy in a white hat rides a bucking bronco in a rodeo. A rodeo guy in a red shirt rides a bucking bronco. A man on a bucking horse at rodeo.	A rider riding an animal.	entailment
A colorful array of motorcyclists gathered outdoors, with Joshua trees in the background and a pair of motorcyclists on a cherry-red cycle in the foreground. A couple sits on a motorcycle, in front of a group of other motorcyclists. Two people on red motorcycle riding with a group of motorcyclist. Two people are riding a motorcycle along with many other riders.	A man sitting on a motorbike on a street.	entailment
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky. A young man high in the air performing a bicycle stunt. A man is doing a trick on a bicycle in the air. A BMX rider airborne on his bike	A boy doing a jump.	entailment
A street vendor is reading a newspaper while waiting for customers. A gentleman in a booth selling candles. A street stall is perused by patrons A man selling candles at a stand	A vendor stands.	neutral
A girl in a pink shirt smiles as she walks by a bright pink mural of a woman's face. A girl wearing pink walks by a mural of a girl with pink hair. A girl in white pants is walking by a brightly painted wall. A woman in a pink shirt walks in front of a pink mural.	A woman poses.	neutral
A young woman standing on a tall ladder is changing the display title on the front of an old movie theater. A female employee of a movie theater on a ladder placing letters to display the showing for that evening. A person is on a ladder putting up letters on a sign at a Theater. Woman standing on a ladder, changing a marquee.	Man stands.	contradiction
A shirtless man poses next to a man who is fully dressed in a t-shirt and cargo shorts who is pointing at the shirtless man's belly. A shirtless man with a cigarette stands while a second man in sunglasses and a red shirt points at the first. A man with a cigarette in his mouth, with no shirt, wearing shorts. One smiling man is pointing to another man's waist.	Two men posing for a photo.	entailment
A dirt-blonde girl in a white top with a key necklace holds a bag, standing in front of a sidewalk of street. The blue hat covered the young man's eyes from the bright sun, while playing tennis in a green shirt. Lady in white shirt with a green bag posing for the camera A red-haired Caucasian girl with a green bag.	A woman carrying a purse.	neutral
A group of guys walking down the beach using a metal detector. Three men at the beach drink beer and use a metal detector. The young men are having a good time at the beach. Three men on a beach with a metal detector.	Two other men watch.	neutral
A man and woman dance, while an older woman stands nearby; other seated women look on in the background. A young man and woman dance at a retirement home while three old ladies look on. A guy and a girl in jeans dancing with old women in the background watching. Seniors as well as a younger couple enjoy dancing at a get together.	A woman smiling.	neutral
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in France. A couple takes their own picture in front of the Arc De Triomphe, from across the street. A couple is posing for a picture in front of the Arc de Triomphe. A woman in a black shirt is hugging a man in jeans.	A couple standing.	entailment
Eight young people are sitting in a rough circle in the grass at the bottom of a slight incline with three trees in the background. A group of multi-ethnic young people sit in a circle on grass next to a hill. A group of young people gather for conversation on a grassy spot. A group of teenagers are sitting together on the grass.	Girls sit on a lawn.	neutral
Rodeo rider, hoping to hold on to the bucking bronco for the required eight seconds. A cowboy riding a bucking horse with the letters CKI marked on its backside. A rodeo cowboy is riding a rambunctious horse. A cowboy riding a bucking horse.	A man stays on the back of a horse.	entailment
Five people wear white clothing with fire designs on them while standing next to fire. A parade line of various people and fire. A group of dancers are performing. A ritual with fire is happening.	Man walks.	neutral
Two men on horses chase down a cow on a sunny day. Two men are on horseback trying to rope a cattle. Two men at a rodeo attempting to rope a calf. Two rodeo riders going after a young steer.	Men ride brown animals.	neutral
A kid is using a screwdriver on what looks to be a typewriter. Young child using tools on a machine. A young child turning a screwdriver. A young boy is fixing a typewriter.	A child screwing.	entailment
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area. A man is jumping over a barrel on a skateboard A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel. A man in black performs on a skateboard.	A man doing some sort of work.	contradiction
A woman talking on her cellphone and a man shopping at a small outside shop. An Asian woman wearing turquoise stands near a tree and a motorcycle. A woman dressed in blue and wearing a tan hat is smiling. A woman talking on a cellphone with a man and child.	A woman talks on a phone on a street.	entailment
A volleyball player in an orange shirt jumps into the air to hit the ball. A male volleyball player in a yellow jersey is about to spike the ball. A volleyball player in an orange jersey performing a jump serve. A player jumping high in the air after hitting a volleyball.	A man watched by a group.	neutral
An older man dressed in jeans and a puffy dark jacket plays the accordion, seated in front of a stone wall. Man sitting outside on sidewalk playing music while taking donations. A middle-aged man is sitting down and playing the accordion. Pan handler playing the accordion on the sidewalk.	A musician playing an instrument.	entailment
A crowd of people watching a football game with a player wearing red and cheerleaders also wearing red. A football player is grabbing the ankle of another player who is holding the ball. A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game. An Oklahoma football player is about to score.	A player runs.	entailment
A girl wearing a blue dress and rainbow suspenders leaping across a grassy lawn. A woman, in a big skirt, is jumping. A blond woman dances on a sunny day. A lady in Irish clothing is jumping.	A woman skipping.	neutral
Black and white photo of a girl with short shorts running in the rain with a hoodie on. A lady with long legs and short jean shorts wearing a black hoodie behind a car. Person in black jacket and shorts running in the rain. A person is playing or running in the rain.	A jogger running.	entailment
Two older men, one middle-aged women, and an older woman conversing at diner table in the interior of a kitchen. Four people are sitting around a kitchen counter while one is drinking from a glass. The four older adults in the room are talking to each other. A group of people sit around a breakfast bar.	A man having a snack.	neutral
Two men are competing in a martial arts tournament and one of them is receiving what appears to be a powerful roundhouse kick from the other. A young man blocks a kick during a sparring match, while judges stand by. Man kicking another man in the face in a karate competition. There are two young guys in a martial arts tournament.	Two guys practicing arts.	entailment
People enjoying a day in the park, with a large row of buildings lingering in the background. A long road leads to a building with many people scattered around the area. A blurry photo of a couple on a bench watching other people play. A huge building with people in front of it.	A group sits.	neutral
At a table in a restaurant, a girl is trying to get a little boy to eat. A mother helps her little boy eat his food by feeding him by hand. A young lady wearing yellow is feeding a small child at the table. A mother is trying to get her son to eat food at a restaurant.	Child sitting on her lap.	neutral
A man and a woman riding together in a white carriage pulled by a brown horse through the streets of a city, with a man in a black hat and red coat driving the carriage. A man in a red jacket driving a horse drawn carriage with a couple riding in the cabin. A man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks. A wagon with people in the back sitting on seats are being driven by someone.	Animal drives.	contradiction
A man is wearing a towel around his waist and holding a piece of cloth to his chest. A shirtless man is bathing himself next to a blue trashcan. Homeless man living among the construction. A man is taking bath in his work area.	A man standing near a structure.	contradiction
A blue river raft full of woman floats in front another yellow raft. Groups of people are riding down a river in rafts. A large group of people rafting. A group of white water rafters.	Children rafting.	neutral
A brown-haired man wearing jeans, glasses, a pink shirt, and jacket is playing guitar and singing into a microphone. A man in a blue jacket and pink shirt is singing and playing the guitar Two guitarists are performing in front of a gum ball machine. Two men playing a bass and a guitar singing a song.	Two band members play instruments.	entailment
We see a shot of a Korean historical drama with a man in bright red and yellow costume is in the foreground. A man is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt. Two Chinese people wearing traditional clothes A Chinese man standing guard.	A man holding a flag.	neutral
Four people, two of whom can be seen wearing conference badges, are grouped around a long table with several laptops on it. A meeting room with a large screen, several people talking, and computers. Workers at an International Freestyle Motocross press conference. Four people talking in a presentation room.	Three men standing.	neutral
Lady doing chemistry work while the man in long-sleeve shirt observes her. A black woman puts a substance in a beaker while a white woman watches. Two women working in a lab with paper on the lab table. Hopefully when I mix these I 'll still have eyebrows.	Students working in class.	neutral
One man with his guitar practicing and setting up for a show A man is down on one knee playing the guitar at a show. Young red-haired man is playing an electric guitar. Man tuning his guitar before performing	A musician playing instrument.	entailment
A woman wearing a white shirt, tan pants, and boots is standing beside a vendor cart that contains various beverages. A treat vendor is standing in the sun while others sit in the shade under umbrellas. A black woman wearing a blue hat and white t-shirt is standing at a snow cone stand. Woman with a vending cart in the middle of a beach.	Lady lounging.	neutral
A girl leaning against a woman's shoulder while sitting on a bench. A mother with a child sitting on her lap and both are smiling. A woman and daughter are smiling at the camera. A woman and a child sit together and smile.	A woman poses for a photo.	entailment
A person dressed in a white coat with black peace signs poses holding up two fingers in a peace sign. The lady with what and black design coat with an eye shield is posing for a picture in the snow. A female dressed in a peace-sign patterned coat and goggles is standing outside in the snow. A woman posing outside in the snow.	A child with jacket standing.	contradiction
A small cow is herded by two individuals on horseback. A man and a boy on horses attempting to rope a cow. Two horsemen are chasing a cow around the lot. People attempting to rope cattle.	A man riding brown animals.	neutral
A woman in a white dress with a tattoo on her leg is being shown a picture by a man. Lady in white dress with tattooed leg looks at friend's camera. A man and a woman in a white dress look into a camera. A photographer shows his photo to a woman.	A man taking photographs.	contradiction
Boy skating on a railing in a parking lot. An inline skater going down a handrail A rollerblader grinds a rail. A skateboarder at dusk.	A man doing a trick.	neutral
A man in a blue shirt is looking to the left while many people are in the background. A man in a large crowd converses with his friends. A fair of some type with mostly guys in the photo. Many people attending a seminar.	A woman and a man having a conversation.	contradiction
A brown and white dog with big brown eyes with a dishtowel in his mouth on a hardwood floor. A brown and white dog carries a brown and white dish towel in his mouth. Pitbull holding a plaid dish towel in its mouth. Pink eyed boxer dog carrying a pillowcase.	A dog looking at the camera.	neutral
A man, wearing a black shirt and striped tie, talking on the phone and reviewing paperwork. A man with glasses is sitting at a desk holding a phone and some papers. A man in glasses smiles as he answers the phone in the office. Crazy looking guy hard at work in his cube.	A worker making a call.	entailment
A man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing. A young man and woman both in brown shirts sitting and laughing. A man and a woman sitting down laughing. A man and woman sitting and laughing.	A couple having a good time.	entailment
Two tan dogs, one larger than the other, interact in a grassy yard enclosed by a wooded fence. Two puppies playfully nip and chase each other. Two dogs play together. Two dogs play in grass.	Dogs facing each other.	neutral
Young men and women sit at a wooden table on which several partially-drunk beverages have been placed; the picture is interrupted by an outstretched hand, colored green in the odd light of the wood-paneled interior. A green tinted hand is being held up in front of a table of people. Two guys gather around a table with two girls while drinking. People socializing at a table with beverages.	Friends hanging out.	entailment
A young boy wearing sunglasses playing on the shore at the beach A boy running through surf on a beach. People stand in the surf. A boy plays in the surf.	Boy walking in the ocean.	entailment
A gymnast in a blue leotard is doing a handstand on the workout floor. A girl in a blue leotard does a somersault on a blue gymnastics mat. Gymnast does a flip on blue flooring. A child doing gymnastics	A child performs a trick.	entailment
A man in a leather jacket, a blue shirt, khaki pants and sunglasses listens to headphones outside a Bed Bath & Beyond. A man with sunglasses and earphones is on a city street holding an mp3 player in his hand. A blond man in a brown leather jacket is listening to music. A man with a leather jacket listening to music.	A man walks.	neutral
Two children in swimsuits stand talking in a lake in the woods. Two girls wearing bikinis are standing in the lake. Two young girls in a lake talking to each other. Two girls play in the beach.	Children facing each other.	neutral
A man wearing a beanie and blue jacket is standing near a wooden pole and squinting through the sunlight. A man with a gray and orange hat and a blue sweater is smiling next to a pole. A black man wearing a knit hat patterned with snowflakes smiles slightly. A man wearing a hat is smiling.	A child sits on a man's lap.	contradiction
A girl is sitting on the beach and appears to be approaching a hit on the head by a plastic inflated hammer. A young woman, sitting in the sand, has her eyes closed. A woman on the beach getting hit with a blow up hammer. A woman sitting on the beach closes her eyes.	Leader sitting.	neutral
A woman with tattoos and a bookbag walking through the forest. A tattooed woman carries her belongings in a green backpack. A lady lugging a bag full of clothes in a forest. A woman carries a backpack and teal jacket.	A woman learning.	neutral
Two researchers are looking into a microscope surrounded by complex machinery. Two researchers dressed in blue lab coats working with a high tech microscope. A man and a woman in blue lab coats are looking through a microscope. Scientist in a laboratory, viewing something through a microscope.	A woman bicycling.	contradiction
A group of eleven people in winter wear such as beanies, skiing jackets, gloves and backpacks are standing in snow paddles outside a house made of ice blocks while a person in front of the door seems to be leading them. A group of people wearing snowshoes, and dressed for winter hiking, is standing in front of a building that looks like it's made of blocks of ice. The people are quietly listening while the story of the ice cabin was explained to them. A group of people standing in front of an igloo.	A catcher waiting.	contradiction
A singer with a guitar sings into a microphone on stage while the drummer sits behind him. A guitarist and drummer appear on stage in front of a giant screen. A red lit stage with a guitarist and a drummer playing. A band is playing music in a light filled stage.	A musician performs for a crowd.	entailment
They are three little girls and two of them are eating cookies. Three cute little girls with something green in their hands. Three little blond-haired girls eating snacks indoors. Two blond children are carrying cookies.	Children standing on stage.	neutral
Three young women embrace while displaying baked goods in kitchen. Three women are smiling and making cupcakes. Three women standing in a kitchen. Three blond girls baking.	Women with long hair posing.	neutral
Three men stand near a large wooden cross overlooking a desert mountain. Three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon. Three young males are standing in front of a cross. Three men look at a sign.	A guy doing something.	neutral
People either going to or leaving some kind of event. Five people in a race are walking next to each other. A group of people in orange walking in an event. People walking in a race on a cold day.	A woman looking down.	contradiction
A newlywed couple, still wearing their wedding outfits, prepare to enter a car. A bride coming out of a car carrying a bouquet of flowers. A happy, beautiful bride getting out of a luxury car. A bride getting out of her car on her wedding day.	Guitarists standing.	contradiction
An old Indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow. An orange robed Buddhist monk sleeping. Old man in orange shirt sleeping. A Hindu man napping on the floor.	A man flies.	contradiction
A mountain bike racer on a dirt road during a race A male cyclist rounds the course on a dirt road. A mud covered cyclist zooms down the trail. A cyclist is racing down the street.	A man running on a beach.	contradiction
A woman in a green shirt and black helmet struggles with a man in jeans and a light blue shirt. Crowd of people watch as woman wearing a black helmet and man in an aqua shirt fight. Person in motorcycle helmet physically engaged with a man on the street. Two people confronting each other in a crowd.	Men have laptops.	contradiction
Guy in white trying to score in soccer while being blocked by two guys in orange and black A soccer player in a white shirt moves to run past a player from the opposite team. Number 3 has the soccer ball going around number 6 in a red jersey. The soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white.	A child swinging.	contradiction
A man with brown dreadlocks who is wearing a dark blue, flowing tunic, plays electric guitar in front of a bald man in a yellow shirt who is playing drums. An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer. A man with dreads and a guitar, is clapping while performing on stage. A man with long hair plays a guitar.	A man playing the instruments with a musician.	entailment
A young girl about to feed a horse an apple with an older girl helping her. The girl in plaid is helping the little girl feed an apple to a horse. Two young girls are about to feed an apple to a horse. A young girl offering a green apple to a horse.	A girl holding a child.	contradiction
A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars. A gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes her jump. A female Asian gymnast doing a jump on the bars A female is performing gymnastics.	Children suspended in the air.	entailment
A young woman dresses flamboyantly for some kind of festival involving a lot of color. Woman in a costume and headdress of multiple colors holding a baton. Ethnic dancer stands in front of other performers on a stage. Costumed people are marching in a parade.	A woman drinking.	contradiction
An Asian boy in glasses and a yellow shirt holds a blue bag while standing between two parking spaces on the street. A boy with glasses wearing a bright yellow shirt is standing in a parking lot. Asian teen male in yellow shirt and black shorts stands on roadway. Man standing alone on the street.	Kids rollerblading.	contradiction
A female wearing a short white skirt and high heels leans against the wall as people wander around the busy street. A woman in high heels and a short skirt stands against a brick wall on a sidewalk. A woman in a short skirt stands against a brick building. A girl is dressed up and waiting by a brick wall.	A woman and little girl sitting.	contradiction
A group of people trying their hand at ice skating on a sunny day. A community on a frozen pond in winter skating around. Ice skaters leisurely skate around a public rink. A group of people are ice skating.	Guy surfing.	contradiction
There is a person in a green shirt riding a bike at an extreme angle in a rural area. A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend on a dirt track. A person riding a bike sideways through a dirt path. A blurred picture on a bicyclist.	Men do gymnastics.	contradiction
A female athlete is ready for the volleyball coming toward her as other volleyball players look on. A female volley player with a red shirt and other players standing behind her. A young girl volleyball player "bumping" the volleyball. A female hitting a volleyball with two hands.	Women playing hula hoops.	contradiction
Shirtless men working on metal frame construction. Four shirtless men, hard at work, on a scaffold. Four shirtless men are working on a building. Men building a structure.	A man stands behind a woman.	contradiction
Wrestler spinning outside of the rink toward fellow wrestler. A professional wrestler falls outside the ring. A wrestler jumps over the ropes. Two wrestlers and a referee.	Two fighters landing punches.	neutral
A teenage boy wearing all black tries to look tough with cheap jewelry on. A boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists. A young man wearing a black hat and jacket is walking outside. Punk rock teenager walks with a mean look on his face.	A salesman standing.	contradiction
Four toddlers are sitting on a blanket outdoors watching a kneeling musician play an accordion. Four small children are being entertained by an accordion player. Four toddlers are being entertained by an accordion player. Children are sitting on a blanket.	Someone splashes.	contradiction
Girl with glasses wearing a black horizontally striped shirt, a blue tuque, and jeans sitting on a cobblestone sidewalk and street. A young lady with a blue cap, and eyeglasses is sitting on the sidewalks waiting for the parade. A girl and a toddler are looking in different directions on a sidewalk. A girl sitting on the sidewalk.	Small girls sit.	entailment
A girl in a floral bathing suit jumping on the beach in front of the waves. A little girl in a flower print bathing suit, jumping into the ocean. A young girl is jumping in the air at the beach. A girl jumping into the ocean.	A child holds up.	contradiction
A lot of people are standing and one woman in a blue tee and jeans have a dog in a bag. A group of random pedestrians looking at something out of the camera's range. Many people stand looking a woman holding a dog in a blue sack. A group of travelers browse and enjoy a local market.	A smiling black woman stands.	neutral
A young dark-haired woman crouches on the banks of a river while washing dishes. A woman with long dark hair washes her dishes alongside a dirty pool of water. A woman washes pans and dishes in a murky body of water. A woman cleaning pots in a body of water.	A woman hiking.	contradiction
The skateboarder is balancing himself and his skateboard on the edge of a brick wall. A skateboarder doing tricks on a brick wall next to stairs. A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard. A skateboarder is balancing on a brick wall.	Men having a beverage.	contradiction
A kid at a beach, writing or drawing in the sand with an onlooker in the background. Young child playing in the sand, on a deserted beach. A child making a sand castle on the beach. A barefooted boy on an uncrowded beach.	A man standing on a busy sidewalk.	contradiction
Two little curly-haired dogs are waiting for the owner to come back out of small shop. A man walking past two dogs tied up outside a storefront. Two dogs waiting for their owners to finish shopping. A man in a blue coat walks down a sidewalk.	Women walking down a street.	contradiction
Two teenage boys are racing- the one with long hair is winning. Two young people running and smiling in the grass. Two people laughing running on a track. Two boys are running outside.	A man running away from an animal.	contradiction
Two men are at polling place counter, filling out forms :while a clerk in a red shirt and black pants waits on them. A man behind a counter looks on as two men on the other side of the counter fill out forms. Two men are filling out paperwork for a man in a red shirt who is behind the counter. Two men filling out papers in a voter registration office.	Three men posing for a photo.	neutral
A family of three is on a camping trip with their two dogs. The men are sitting by a fire outside with two black dogs. A family is camping together. Three men and two black dogs.	Men sleeping on each other.	contradiction
Two boys and a woman standing in front of a Pronto Pups Hamburger stand. Two boys standing in front of a hamburger stand. Two boys buying food from an outdoor vendor. The front side of a food vendor in a park.	A child weaving.	contradiction
A woman is reading a newspaper and a boy is resting his head on a seat in a rail car. A woman reading a newspaper and a man in a green jacket riding a train. A woman in a blue shirt reads a newspaper while riding on a train. Two passengers on a train gaze out window to their left.	Two women looking at food.	contradiction
The reception was a huge success as the bride and groom cut the cake. Photographers taking pictures at a wedding. A group celebrates a marriage. About to cut the wedding cake.	A group running.	contradiction
A cyclist on his bike jumps over a board in a large open grass field, during what appears to be a race. A man in spandex maneuvers his bike over an obstacle. A man in a bike race jumping over a small obstacle. A cyclist and his bicycle hop over an obstacle.	Boy doing a jump.	contradiction
An Indian woman dressed in blue and purple cooks something over an open fire. A woman is cooking over a fire using just her hands. A woman cooking over an open hearth. Lady making food on the streets	A lady laughing.	neutral
A young girl with a bib smiles at a man while she sits behind a purple lunch tray and pie at a table. The little girl with a bib is looking at the man with a black shirt. A dad with his child and an apple pie. A little girl eats breakfast with dad.	Kids pose.	neutral
A stunt biker leaps into the air beside the setting sun. A bike rider in the air with the sky as background. The person is doing a trick on a bike at dusk. A boy jumps on his bike.	A child riding on a carousel.	contradiction
Two men with painted faces looking like clowns one singing and the other play an tiny guitar. Two men are dressed up in suits and face paint as mimes while putting on a show. Two men in clown makeup are singing a song. Clowns performing on stage.	Two scouts standing.	contradiction
A small girl, wearing a pink top and jeans, stands on a field, with others in the background. A small white-skinned girl in a pink top and jeans stands on a soccer field. A young girl in blue jeans and a red shirt is in the green grass. A young girl smiles in a field.	Men dancing.	contradiction
A group of motorcyclists are parked alongside and riding down a road. A group of motorcyclists sit on their bikes on a street. Motorcycles wait on the street for a ride to begin. Most of the people are riding their motorcycles	A group gathers for a celebration.	neutral
A girl in a blue shirt playing her electric guitar on stage. A young performer singing and playing electric guitar. A girl playing an electric guitar. A woman is playing a guitar.	A man on stage playing instrument.	contradiction
A man in black pants and shirt is holding a guitar and standing next to a microphone in front of a pink background. An excited man in black plays the guitar against pink lighting. The man holding the guitar turns his head to the side. A man playing guitar in front of a microphone.	A gray-haired man playing an instrument.	neutral
Four young men in a kitchen and dining area cleaning up, the one in foreground is wiping the table and wearing a black t-shirt. Four people in a wooden house are preparing for some important looking occasion. Four people in what looks like a kitchen preparing or cleaning. A family in a log cabin setting up for a birthday party	A man building.	contradiction
A man is holding a guitar while looking out a window towards the street. An African American man holding a guitar looking out the window. A man looks out of a window while holding an acoustic guitar. A man and his guitar smile at life outside the window.	A man falling down.	contradiction
People are standing in front of a sculpture surrounded by water. Group of people near a water fountain and a city skyline. A group of people stand in the park of a city. Several pedestrians in front of a fountain.	Soldiers walking.	contradiction
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade. The guy in the black and yellow vest has a black hat on. Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling. Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling.	Two men taking a smoke break.	contradiction
A man in a purple beret who is chewing gum is standing near water and trees. A young man with a purple hat is laughing with gum in his mouth. A man wearing a blue beret, tan shirt and shorts laughing. A young man in shorts wearing a purple hat and laughing.	Guys fighting.	contradiction
Two dogs are playing together with their mouths open. There are two Boston terriers biting at each other. Two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed Two boxers playfully snap at each other.	Men have dogs.	contradiction
A full sized horse and rider guide a pint sized horse and rider through the stables. A grandfather is taking is grandchild for a horseback ride. A man with his child on horses in a rural, farm setting. There's a man and his son riding on horses.	An animal catches an animal.	contradiction
Two men work together to interview a seated man in a large theater. Three men in an auditorium prepare to tape something. Man gives an interview in a nearly empty theater. Two men interviewing another on camera.	A man sits on a bridge.	contradiction
A man is reading a book to a young boy sitting on his lap. A man in the library is reading a book to his young son. Man in a polo shirt reading to a toddler on his lap. A man reading a book to his son in a library.	A man holding a microphone on a stage.	contradiction
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat on with her mouth open near others dressed the same. Woman wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap talking while marching. Group of women in blue and white uniforms, in profile, facing offstage. A group of women in matching uniforms, one of which is speaking.	Several women jumping.	contradiction
A man wearing a beige shirt has squatted down in the street next to some cut stones. A man is crouching down next to a collection of shaped rocks. A man in a tan hat and sombrero hat laying concrete bricks. Man in tan hat working with stones.	Two homeless men sitting.	contradiction
Three African Americans are in the middle of a muddy stream in a blue boat. Three men in a boat on a riverbank, with cattle in the background. Africans out on the river fishing in their canoe for dinner. Four men float in a blue boat while cattle graze nearby.	A man riding a bicycle on the road.	contradiction
Two white men and a black man, all wearing jeans and a black t-shirt, are sitting on a bench with sandwich and drink. Three men sitting a cement bench and a brick wall behind them. Three men sit on a bench taking a break from their work. Three men sitting on a bench during a work break.	A cyclist sits.	neutral
A boy and three girls in blue school uniforms walk down a dirt-covered road. Four teens in school uniforms walk down a tropical road. A group of children in blue uniforms walk to class. Group of school children in blue school uniforms.	A man standing underneath trees.	contradiction
A man with a guitar, he has a hat and is playing along a brick lined walkway, two children in strollers are looking on. Two children are amazed by the man who plays the guitar. A Man on the street plays his Guitar for the crowd. Man plays guitar for little baby.	Some students sitting.	contradiction
Many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says "HI-POINTE." A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign. A crowd of young adults outside a nightclub. People talking at a local club.	A bunch of people sitting.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt is dumping the contents of the wheelbarrow onto the ground, while two men look on. Three people, all with gloves, are using a wheelbarrow to do yard work on a sunny day. A group of young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard. Two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents.	Guy relaxing.	contradiction
A woman in a beige blazer and sunglasses stares toward a man in a striped t-shirt, who is staring at two smiling women in military attire on a city sidewalk. Two police women are talking to someone while an elderly lady in a beige jacket stares at something above a store. An old woman gazes up with thought, with two smiling women and a large man in the back and foreground. Street scene with two lady police officers with two civilians in foreground of picture.	A gentleman pointing.	contradiction
A large group of Muslim people vising some old ruins. Several Muslim worshipers march towards Mecca. Women in uniform walk across ancient ruins. A group of people walking through a cite.	Cyclists walk.	contradiction
An older girl and a younger girl playing barefoot in a puddle Two girls are standing in shallow water without shoes. Two girls in denim shorts stand in a puddle of water. Two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk.	Several men walking.	contradiction
A man, appearing Mexican or Peruvian, is astride a horse, smiling beneath his western hat. A Spanish guy on horseback standing on dirt road with a bunch of trees in the background. A smiling man on a horse in front of brush and woods. A happy man wearing a hat sits on his horse.	A man saying.	contradiction
A guitarist in a black shirt and glasses on a stage surrounded by lights with a microphone in front of him. Male guitarist wearing glasses on stage while lights shine in the back. One man on stage, playing a guitar with lights in the background. The bands guitarist begins his solo on stage.	A man stands next to another man.	neutral
A baseball player slides home in a non professional baseball game in an HDR photograph. A runner is sliding into home while the catcher covers the plate in a softball game. A player is sliding into home plate with the catcher guarding it. A woman slides into home while the catcher tries to block.	Businessmen waiting.	contradiction
Four men are by a table that is covered with different types of books. Boys in what appears to be a library or school room. Four people in a room with a table full of books. Four young men in room surrounded by books.	A group does gymnastics.	contradiction
Several women are playing some sort of sport, they are wearing rollerblades, and there is a referee onlooking them. A referee in a roller derby watching women skaters as they pass by. A referee presides over a female roller derby game. A female roller derby match in a stadium or gym.	Two women sitting in a plant.	contradiction
A line of protesters are walking in the street, holding signs that say "Our Children, Our Future". The people walking in the street are demonstrating for children's rights. Women and men protesting outside on a sunny day with signs. A demonstration for a very strongly held point of view.	A group of protesters carrying signs.	entailment
Police officers on motorcycles stopped in front of a building. Two police officers are sitting on motorcycles in the road. Officers on motorcycles patrol the streets. Two policeman and are on motorcycles.	Group walking on a busy sidewalk.	contradiction
A group of men and women sit at laptop computers inside a coffee shop. People are at a net cafe, the background shows it is in a city Three people sit at their laptops inside a coffee shop. Two guys and a girl in shop, on laptops.	A man studying.	neutral
An obese man and two average-sized men sit on a bench with their heads as far back as they will go. Three men, one with his shoes off, are asleep on a bench in the park. Three men taking an afternoon nap. Three men sleep on a bench.	A guy biking.	contradiction
A man at the top of a mountain in a large mountain range. Someone is using two poles to hike on a mountain. A mountain climber on the summit of a high peak. A male hiker high in the mountains.	Two kids play a game.	contradiction
Girl in pink coat is sliding down a red slide on her stomach. A toddler in a pink coat is laying front down on a red slide. A small girl sliding headfirst down a shiny red slide. A girl slides on a red slide	Some children running.	contradiction
People waving American flags while in winter clothes. The bundled-up crowd is waving many American flags. Lots of people hold American flags. A crowd holds American flags.	Cook standing.	contradiction
A bearded man is playing a flute alongside a darker complected man that is playing another brass instrument outside in a public place. A bearded man is playing a flute, and a person with dreads who is standing behind him plays another instrument. During a small summer celebration, two adults play the flute and the tuba. Flautist and Baritone play in a campground setting.	A man conducting.	contradiction
A line of boys are wearing martial arts costumes with different colored belts. Young boys in martial arts uniforms at a park. Young boys at a karate gathering. Karate class is fixing to start.	A woman stands in front of children.	neutral
Asian people walk down a street with billboard advertisements in the background. Many men and women walking across a street in a highly populated area. A group of Asian people are walking on a busy street. A busy crosswalk somewhere in Asia.	A man walking his dog in a city.	contradiction
A motocross rider at night high in the air above the dirt. A bicyclist becomes airborne among dirt hills at night. A man jumps his dirt bike at night. The rider is jumping his BMX bike.	A skater skateboarding.	contradiction
An Asian man in all black hanging up a huge dead pig by its feet. Asian man butchering a hog hanging from a hook. A man is touching a pig being held upside down. Guy preparing to cut up pig for food.	A man leaning against a railing.	contradiction
At a campsite in a park, a bearded man wears a bowler and holds a beer while sitting in an innertube. A white man with a beer sitting on a black balloon in a park. A man sitting in a large innertube drinking a beer. A man with a brown shirt sits in an inter tube.	A man standing.	contradiction
Water streaming from a young woman in a swimming pool flipping her wet hair backwards. The girl is leaning back and splashing water with her hair. A girl makes an arc of water with her hair in a pool. The girl is taking her hair out of the water.	Boys racing.	contradiction
Two guys in hats are playing acoustic guitars. Two men playing guitars next to a microphone. Two men are playing acoustic guitars. Two country musicians jamming it up.	Performers playing stringed instruments.	entailment
A young bull is grabbed by the horns by a man wearing a white cowboy hat in a rodeo ring while other men in white hats watch. A cowboy is wrestling a cow to the ground in a rodeo. A cowboy is bull-dogging a steer in a rodeo arena. These men are participating in a rodeo.	Some children watch.	neutral
His wife is telling him he needs to eat healthier and he is arguing that all the healthy food tastes gross. An old man in a brown jacket with white hair and a beard talks to an old woman. An older man speaks to an older woman in Fairway grocery store. An overweight individual is leaning over a market counter.	Hikers stand.	contradiction
A brown and black dog is standing on its hind legs trying to catch something. German Shepherd standing up snapping at droplets of water A German Shepherd playing with water in the grass. A dog plays on the grass.	A dog nursing.	contradiction
A lady in blue jeans and a brown jacket is walking down a city street. A woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near Christmas lights. A woman photographed from behind as she's walking down a sidewalk Person walking down the street in the city.	Woman coming out of a store.	contradiction
A grizzly looking man with a big beard is playing the keyboard with a female band mate playing a guitar. A man playing a keyboard, he has a beard and is wearing a red, green and black flannel shirt. A man with a thick beard and a plaid shirt is at the keyboard in a band. A male playing a keyboard as part of a band.	A musician walks.	contradiction
A man and a woman in a gray business shirt pose with a man in an orange shirt. A woman smiles at the camera while two guys make a face toward each other. A group of friends posing for a photo. A candid moment between three friends.	Girls stand in the rain.	contradiction
A man in a black and gray outfit is sailing through the air on skis or a snowboard. A young man in black is snowboarding during a heavy snowfall. A snowboarder jumping up a half pipe doing a trick. A skier skiing and having fun.	A snowboarder flies through the air.	entailment
Three gentlemen using a hose to pipe something out of an oil drum. What appears to be a group of men removing ice from a barrel. Three men are working together to pump gas from a barrel. An aerial view of three men attaching a hose to a barrel.	A man stands in water.	contradiction
A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute. A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding. The man is waterskiing. A man windsurfing.	A group of men pulls a rope.	contradiction
A woman in a black jacket with yellow on the back talking to a man with a black jacket and cameras hanging down from his shoulders and neck. A photographer is having a conversation with a woman. Woman talking to a photographer dressed in black. A photographer is talking to a woman.	A man does artwork.	neutral
A biker is riding around a field, dressed in uniform with his helmet and goggles on, and mud on his legs. A biker with some stubble and eye goggles in professional-looking red-colored gear is turning. Bicyclist riding on a grass field, wearing a red and yellow uniform, shades, and a helmet. A man in red and yellow suit is riding his bike through the field.	A man leans into a turn on his motorbike.	neutral
A man in a blue sweatshirt sitting with his legs spread out on a steel platform using his laptop. A fat man in a blue hooding using his MacBook on a park bench. Overweight man in sweatshirt on his laptop outside. A man sitting outside using his Mac laptop.	A man has the attention of a gathered crowd.	contradiction
A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool. A man wearing goggles is swimming in a pool. A person with goggles on swimming. The man in the pool is swimming.	A swimmer coming up for air.	neutral
An Asian family prepares meat on skewers at a night market. Two Asian women preparing food while a young man watches. Several people are setting out food to sell. Asian people preparing food on skewers.	Some children compete.	contradiction
Children doing art projects on a table, with a bicycle and sundry equipment in the background. Two girls in green shirts, and two in white shirts, are painting pictures. Several little girls are at a table painting. A group of little kids paintings.	A child digging.	contradiction
Dark-skinned female dressed in white and black martial arts uniform strikes a lunge pose. Demonstration of martial arts by young female in gymnasium. A black belt practices her martial arts barefoot. Young women practicing martial arts in a gym.	A woman squinting.	neutral
A group of men wearing red jackets, black pants, and blue hats appear to be walking in an outdoor parade and playing drums. A large group of red-uniformed drummers performs in front of geometrical concrete building. A group of men wearing band uniforms (red jackets and black hats) playing the drums. A large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band.	A man holding a bar.	contradiction
Two little boys eating apples climbing over a retaining wall. Two boys eating apples playing on a cement car barrier Two young boys with apples hop a concrete barrier. Two little boys holding apples near the street.	A child talking.	neutral
An old woman wearing a white shirt and green shorts is standing on a sidewalk. Senior woman in white shirt and khaki shorts poses for the camera. A very old woman stands gazing at the camera next to a dock. The lady is posing for a picture by the water.	Girls stand in the rain.	contradiction
Two girls, one with long dark hair pulled back and one with long dark hair flying, are playing in ankle-deep water. On an overcast day, two young girls, laugh and play along the wet sands of a beach. Two girls are barefoot and splashing in the water. Two young girls splashing in a puddle	A woman walking on a path.	contradiction
Children learn the art of yoga on colorful mats at a festival. Several young girls on colorful mats stretching upwards. A woman teaches yoga to kids at an outdoor festival. A group of children do stretches on colored mats.	A child plays while a child watches.	neutral
Four women and three men are standing in a row in front of a white building each holding books. Four women in dresses and three men in black suits standing in front of a microphone singing. Group of male and female singers on stage. Seven people are singing on stage.	A man sews.	contradiction
A surfer digs his board deep in the water to cut the wave he is riding. Surfer coasts over some small waves, models for camera. A man in a blue water suit surfs on a small wave. A man is riding on a surfboard.	Men jumping up.	contradiction
A woman walking by two cardboard cowboy gunslingers outside of a building with Dave written on it. A lady in blue long shorts and carrying a bag is glancing at the street art on a yellow building. An older woman walks down a frescoed sidewalk outside of a gun store called "Dave's". An older lady walks by looking at a store.	Women kickboxing.	contradiction
The two old men are talking to each other. Two older men are having a conversation. Two old men are having a conversation. Two old guys talking to each other	A man stands near a sign.	neutral
Three women are walking on the sidewalk with bags in their hands. Two ladies with shopping bags walking down the sidewalk laughing. Two females walking down the street with shopping bags. Three women holding bags talking to each other.	Friends smiling.	neutral
An Asian man points while in conversation with another person. A lady is pointing at something while laughing. An oriental woman on a crowded street pointing. An Asian with a man in a beige shirt laughing.	A man stands out.	contradiction
Three police officers on motorcycles on the street with pedestrians walking on the sidewalk in the background. Police officers on motorcycles stopped in front of a building. Officers on motorcycles patrol the streets. Two policeman and are on motorcycles.	Policeman sitting on his motorbike.	entailment
A young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller. A young blond girl sitting on a bench with a red pram alongside her. A young girl sitting by a red stroller on a park bench. A young blond girl sitting down while eating.	A man eating something.	contradiction
These men are standing next to a "Penzance welcomes you" stone. A man in a suit and two men in orange vests standing around Three men standing near a large stone sign. Men are standing beside a stone sign	A man polishing a man's shoes.	contradiction
A young girl with a pink coat walks through a shallow puddle of water. The girl in a pink coat and pink boots is wading through a puddle. A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle. A girl playing in a puddle while wearing a pink coat	Some children compete.	contradiction
A man in a hat operates machinery on smooth ice in the winter. A man in a gray hat pushes some type of equipment over ice. A man in blue is working outside on a patch of ice. One man cutting through ice on a cold day.	A man watches a man in the foreground.	contradiction
A man wearing a black t-shirt, black pants, a black hat and wearing black shoes is picking up trash in an empty lot and putting it into a black trash bag. A man wearing all black carrying a black trash bag is bending down to pick something up in a dirt lot. A man in a black shirt and baseball cap picking up trash in an empty lot. A man in a black shirt picks up trash on the side of a road.	A guy holding a fish.	contradiction
Young people standing together while dining beer and smoking cigarettes. The group of young adults are hanging out together smoking and drinking. Some males and females are drinking outside at night. Several teens are smoking and drinking at night.	Friends stand.	neutral
Two men wearing tool belts and two other unidentified individuals stand in a small unfinished room with two doors, with two of them holding ladders. A group of young men are carrying ladders and wearing tool pouches as they work on a house project. A man wearing a red hat while holding a ladder with a man in a brown hat looking at him. A man about to carry a small stool through a door.	A family waits.	contradiction
A bicyclist is attempting a trick over a jump nearby a bush and wooden building. Person jumping bicycle off cliff beside building on hill A biker spins his bike in the air above the ground. A person on a bike get airborne.	A dog flies.	contradiction
A bicyclist in a white shirt and black shirt is fixing a bike on the sidewalk while other look on. Three males and a female watch as a biker fixes a chain that has come off his gear on his bike. A person is repairing a bicycle while four people watch in an urban setting. Bike riders stop riding while one rider fixes bike.	A group has their arms raised.	contradiction
One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside. A man with a beard and a mustache is playing a banjo. A heavily bearded man in a cap is playing a banjo. A bearded man is playing a banjo.	A man water-skiing.	contradiction
A child in a light and dark green ensemble sits in a chair in front of a typewriter looking off-camera. A young child sits at a desk with a type-writer in front of her. Blond child sitting in a chair in front of an old typewriter. A curious child is seen enjoying a projector.	Some children walking.	contradiction
A young dark-haired woman wearing a polka-dot top, glasses with brown frames, and wearing a happy expression on her face. A young woman is wearing dress clothes, in a wooded area, and smiling. A young woman in a polka dot shirt and glasses in front of some trees. A young woman in a polka dot blouse gazes off into the distance.	Woman standing at an ATM.	neutral
A male hiker wearing a brown hat is standing next to a triangular monument on the top of a mountain. A man with a hat stands next to a pyramid-shaped monument on a cliff. A man stands near a statue on a mountaintop. A man stands on a peak near a statue.	A man flexing.	contradiction
A person wearing a pink hat and pink swimwear bottoms is face-down on a smooth brown beach. A small child lays on the beach while the surf washes back into the ocean. A beautiful day to lay by the Ocean, waiting for the waves. Girl in pink frilly bathing suit laying on the beach.	A little girl playing on a playground.	contradiction
A woman with a wide grin is pulling back the gills on a large silver fish that is hanging from a hook. A woman in a white and blue shirt is standing next to a large fish that is hanging up. A woman in a blue and white shirt is standing next to a dead fish that is hanging. A woman posing with a large fish hanging from a hook.	Women mingling.	contradiction
A woman in brown shorts and green striped shirt stands with a small bag on her back. A woman is wearing a green striped shirt and a brown skirt. A woman in green stands with her hands on her hips. Tattooed women in striped top wearing a backpack.	Women doing something.	contradiction
Two little girls in summer clothes are washing a brown dog. Two young blond girls are washing a golden retriever. Two young girls bathing a golden retriever outside. A dog is being washed by two little girls.	Two dogs walking on a path.	contradiction
A contestant riding a pony in a rodeo setting is being thrown by the horse, while another cowboy looks on in the arena and spectators watch from behind a fence. Several people watch as an upside down rider is being thrown from a bucking horse. A cowboy being thrown off a bucking horse at a rodeo. A cowboy is falling from a brown jumping horse	Men huddle.	contradiction
A girl standing among a crowd gathered outdoors with the flag of Western Sahara and a white banner with inscription in the background. A child stands in front of the Palestinian flag, appearing to speak to someone off-camera. A group of people stand and sit near a large flag while wearing traditional clothes. A group of people are at a gathering where there is a large colorful flag.	A group smiling.	neutral
A skateboarding soaring through the air in front of a blue building. A skateboarder is airborne in front of some low brick buildings. A skateboarder is flying through the air on a red skateboard. A person on a skateboard during a high jump.	Man doing a pose.	contradiction
A small white dog is jumping over a green and red obstacle bar. A white dog runs through an obstacle course. The white dog is jumping over hurdles. A small dog jumps over a jump.	A dog leaps over a log in the forests.	contradiction
Lille boy standing behind a glass door wearing a red hat and black jacket with a woman standing just out of his sight on the sidewalk. A child in a red hat is looking out a window while a woman on the street watches the same event. A little boy is looking outside a door dressed in a winter coat with winter gear on. A child looks through a window and a woman stands outside a rolling security door.	A child holding a yellow hose.	contradiction
A resting security guard, in a blue shirt, sitting on a stool. A man in a blue shirt taking a break and sitting down. A security guard sitting on a stool. A man sleeping on a stool.	A man clapping.	contradiction
An older woman with short blond hair wearing a white shirt and beige pants, and carrying a mustard colored purse is crossing a city street. A woman wearing a beige purse is crossing the street at a crosswalk with a Spring sign behind her. An older blond lady in a white shirt crosses the street. An older woman in a white shirt crosses the street.	Two elderly women walking.	neutral
A woman wearing white pants and red top is practicing some form of movement while a man dressed in white shirt and pants is looking on. The woman with the white pants is practicing moves on the bricks. A woman with white pants is exercising. A woman in a red shirt dancing.	A man hands out fliers.	contradiction
An older man in a purple shirt sitting on a bench with his foot on a pole. An elderly man is sitting on a bench with his foot propped up on a tree. A man sits on a part bench with his foot up against a tree. People sitting next to trees on a bench.	A group of older women sitting.	contradiction
A baseball player in a black and orange shirt, and with a glove on, pitches the ball. A male dressed in a sports outfit tries to catch a baseball. The baseball player is running after the ball. A man playing baseball.	A man thrown.	contradiction
A person wearing a purple shirt stands on a skateboard at the top of a small stairway. A boy wearing a red shirt on a skateboard jumps up some stairs A guy is skateboarding. A dancer on steps.	A skater doing a jump.	entailment
A girl in a black and white headband and pink necktie holding a glass with friends on either side of her. A girl holds a glass and has a girl on her right and a boy on her left looking into the camera. A closeup of three people smiling for the camera. Three people pose for a picture.	Woman holds up her finger.	neutral
A brown dog is carrying a toy in the snow. A dog running with something in its mouth Tan dog with a toy running in the snow. A dog runs across the snow.	Some dogs stand.	contradiction
For people in white, red, and blue cycling clothes cycle around a corner on a wooden track. Four cyclist in competition round a corner that has yellow signs saying "MANCHESTER". Bicyclists are racing around a tight, enclosed track. A group of people racing on bikes around a track.	A rider doing a maneuver.	neutral
Firefighters are helping a man after crashing his motorcycle. Men sitting around a man wearing yellow next to a firetruck. Firefighters respond to the scene of a motorcycle accident. A motorcycle is lying on the ground near a fire engine.	A lady talking.	contradiction
A man is singing on stage wearing a white shirt and a black vest and black pants while holding a guitar. An older gentleman wearing a white shirt and black vest is playing a guitar while singing. A man in a black vest is playing a guitar and another man playing a guitar beside him. A balding man is playing guitar and singing.	Men have laptops.	contradiction
A young boy in overalls is sleeping while holding a brown stuffed animal. A toddler is asleep on a bed along with a stuffed animal. A small child sleeps while holding a stuffed animal. A baby is sleeping with a stuffed animal.	A child relaxing.	entailment
A black man dressed in orange and blue jumping through the air, throwing a red, white and blue ball through a hoop, with a white man in sunglasses dressed similarly looking on. Two men playing ball, one white one black, with the black one leaping towards the right side of the frame. A man in an orange shirt and black shorts throws a ball through a hoop while another man watches. A man attempts to get a ball through a hoop as a bystander watches at a park.	Little boys playing with a ball.	contradiction
A man and a woman in black business suits are addressing seven military personnel. Businesswoman and man speaking together in front of awaiting army personnel. A man and woman are having a discussion while military members look on. A man and a woman are speaking near a group of seven soldiers.	A catcher waiting.	contradiction
An African group of men, women, and babies pose in a field with large hills in the background. A large group of Africans are having their picture taken in a clearing in a jungle. An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background. A group of men, women and children are standing around.	A bride poses.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt shoveling compost from a horse drawn trailer. Horse pulling wagon with male bailing hay while three boys look on' Three boys and their father working in a yard. A farmer and three children work on a farm.	A father standing.	entailment
A curly-blond-haired man and a black woman wait to cross the street across from a photo store. Colored couple in gray sweater and yellow hood jacket waiting to cross a busy street. Girl with turtleneck sweater and guy with large bushy hairdo wait to cross road. A woman carrying a bag standing next to a man waiting to cross the street.	Two men and a woman walking.	contradiction
A little girl yelling with people sitting on the floor behind and a cat walking through. A baby girl is yelling with two adults and a cat in the background. A young child is shouting with people around him. Two women talk as a toddler yawns.	A man sitting on an amplifier.	contradiction
Two men are in the shadows of a tent while a black rug hangs in the foreground. Two men sit in the shadows near a hanging rug. Men are waiting near a store that sells rugs. A couple of men sitting under a tent.	A tall man standing.	contradiction
A cricketer is laying on the ground between the wicket and the ball. The cricket player just misses catching the ball. A man playing cricket closely inspects a shot. Guy playing cricket lying on the grass	A man drives.	contradiction
Two teams playing against each other, one red and one blue with two members squaring off. Two opposing teams play soccer in a field. A soccer game with multiple males playing. Two teams play soccer on a field.	A man winding up.	neutral
A young girl dressed in a red hoodie, red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose. The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path. A girl in red jumps across a path. Girl in red jumping up	Girls and boys standing.	contradiction
A dark brown dog and a light brown dog in a field stare at each other. Two dogs confront each other in the middle of a field Two dogs are facing each other in a grassy field. A black and brown dog are staring at each other.	A dog yawning.	contradiction
In this photo there is are two men one in a blue shirt blue pants white hat and sunglasses the other has on pants that are rolled up just under his knees and a black shirt on they are both on a boat at sea it looks like the man with the black shirt is looking for something while the man in the hat is handling a white rope in his hands. A man with a beard is handling some rope on the deck of a boat. A man is on a boat on calm water and has the rope. A man smiles while holding a rope on a boat.	A group of people gathered on a soccer field.	contradiction
A little girl in a swimsuit and braids is in front of the water, in the grass, with her arms crossed in front of her chest Young girl with arms crossed over her heart wearing a bikini setting in tall grass in front of a body of water. A young girl in a bathing suit and pigtails crosses her arms. A young girl in a pink swimsuit.	A small boy sits.	contradiction
A younger man in a gray shirt pointing to a blackboard that has drawings on it. A man in a gray sweater and blue jeans instructing on a blackboard. A man is standing in front of a chalkboard pointing at diagrams A man standing in front of a chalkboard points at a drawing.	A man asking.	neutral
A group of people, some with laptops, sit at several small tables with coffee mugs on them. A large group of people are enjoying one another's company over coffee at Dunkin' Donuts. A group of people is having coffee and getting some work done. A group of people are meeting at a Dunkin' Donuts.	A man is walking.	contradiction
People are standing in front of a sculpture surrounded by water. Group of people near a water fountain and a city skyline. A group of people stand in the park of a city. Several pedestrians in front of a fountain.	A group of women walks down a sidewalk.	neutral
Person sitting at a table with many empty glasses, and a mostly empty bottle on the table, along with a small brown bird. A woman wearing glasses is sitting down at a table with glasses, a bottle, and a bird on it. Older woman stares at a little bird at table covered with glasses. An older woman has a drink, and a little bird comes to join her.	A kid standing.	contradiction
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass. A white dog runs alongside a black and white dog in a grassy area. A white dog is chasing behind a black and white dog. Two white dogs running in grass.	Dogs snarling.	neutral
A man is being tossed in the air by a large group holding the edges of a flag. A man's legs are in the air while his back is on a Lone Star Texas flag. Crowd throwing a person into the air with a blue, white, and red flag. A crowd of jubilant people flip a man up in the air using a large flag.	An artist standing.	contradiction
Male musician playing an accordion wearing a leather jacket and hat on a boardwalk or pier. A man wearing black playing a red accordion while sitting. A man sits on a bridge by a river, playing the accordion. A man is playing an accordion near the water.	Men playing various musical instruments.	contradiction
A group of people sitting on a curb looking like they 're waiting for something. A man and a woman sitting on a curb in an urban setting. A woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a curb. Four people wait in a stone tiled courtyard.	A guy flies.	contradiction
A baby in a yellow jumpsuit laughing at a toy. A laughing baby in a yellow jumper with toy. A baby in a yellow shirt smiles. Baby playing with his toy.	A baby sitting in sand.	contradiction
A couple attempting to cross a street, while a car zooms past. A couple waiting at a crosswalk in a brightly lit city. A couple waits to cross the city street at night. A couple crossing the street at night.	Women and a man pose.	contradiction
A young boy, the goalie on a soccer team, about to block a goal by the other team. An adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal. A boy is playing soccer on a playground. A little boy running for a ball.	A hockey player scores against a player.	contradiction
A person equestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence. A horse and rider jumping a small fence. A horse and rider jump over a fence. A jockey on a horse jumps a fence.	An animal with a rider jumps a barrier.	entailment
Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass. A girl and a boy in a park kissing in the grass on a sunny day Two people are lying down and kissing on a grassy lawn. A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field.	Boys sparring.	contradiction
Three young people sit at a table together with food, and one of them gives peace signs on each hand. A woman is flashing the "peace" symbol with her fingers on both hands. Three young Chinese children eating. A girl poses with friends and food.	Two women talking with a man.	contradiction
Two men and a woman are standing in water with a golden retriever. Two men and a woman play with a dog in the water. Three friends play with a dog in a lake. The dog is in the water with people.	A man smiling.	neutral
A man in a t-shirt and shorts is playing the guitar while a woman in a colorful skirt cooks a meal. A man plays guitar in the kitchen while a woman adjusts the dials on a dishwasher. A man playing a guitar while a woman in a checks the oven. A barefoot man playing a guitar in a kitchen.	Men walking next to a man.	contradiction
A dog leaps in the air while chasing a tennis ball. A dog leaps in the air parallel to a tennis ball. A dog is leaping for a tennis ball. Two dogs chasing a ball.	Girl running through a field with a dog and a dog.	neutral
A man in a blue jumpsuit showing the carvings he has made. A man in a blue jumpsuit displays his sculptures. A black man is making wood carvings. A man is showing some mini sculptures	Man sits waving.	contradiction
A man sits on a stool reading the newspaper among a bunch of debris. A man in a coat is sitting on a stool outside reading a newspaper. A man sits on a stool and reads a newspaper on a sidewalk. A man sits on a stool reading a newspaper.	A guitarist sitting.	contradiction
A skateboarder flying through the air from a ramp with a yellow wind sock in the background. Skater boy does a trick and gets his photo taken in midair. A skateboarder is in midair as he completes a trick. A skateboarder going off a ramp.	A musician jumping.	contradiction
Some young men looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day. The boys are having fun jumping off the bridge into the water. A man is sitting on a wooden guard rail at a beach. Boys look over a bridge on to a lake.	Children standing in front of a building.	contradiction
A young boy kicks his leg up while standing in the water. A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water. A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water. A boy standing in water doing a kick.	A boy burying himself.	contradiction
One person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture. A person is taking a picture of another person doing a flip in midair in the grass. A young man takes a picture of his friend doing gymnastics in a field A man doing a back flip while another takes a picture.	A man twisting.	entailment
One girl jumping over three others hanging on the side of a pool with ocean in background. Four girls in a swimming pool the one getting ready to jump in. A girl is about to dive into a large pool on a sunny day. Young girls at a pool on a bright, sunny day.	Asian woman holding a woman.	neutral
Person driving a "one-man" ATV pops it to two wheels in the sands. A person rides a four wheeled vehicle on sand dunes. A person is riding a dune buggy on a sand dune. A person on a red ATV on two wheels	Motorcyclists drive.	contradiction
A man in a suit stands next to a white carriage pulled by two white horses while a bride sits inside. The Happy bride and groom waited for the photographer to take their picture. A groom is standing next to his bride in a white horse drawn carriage. A bride is sitting in a carriage while her groom stands nearby.	A policeman standing.	contradiction
A circle of Native Americans in full traditional attire site in a drum circle amongst a sea of listeners. A group of Native Americans sit in a circle chanting and beating a drum. Indians celebrate their culture in traditional clothing through song. A group of native Americans perform for a crowd by playing the drums	A family poses.	neutral
A group of foreign exchange students having a good time and enjoying the city life in the astonishingly busy streets of New York as they enjoy their first time being in the United States. A group of young people most wearing red wave for the camera as they walk by buses. A group of young men dressed in red walk past a tour bus. A sports team getting off their bus.	A man and a woman standing on a corner.	contradiction
Four men in the background look on as a man is trying to do some tricks on his bicycle. A boy is doing bike tricks while a group of three other boys looks on. A biker reaches the apex of his ramp while onlookers watch his feat. One biker doing a stunt while onlookers watch in the far corner.	A skateboarder does a trick.	contradiction
A group of friends huddle together at their local bar to take a memorable picture. Five women and two me come together for a photo in a bar. A group of seven people posing for a picture in a bar. A group of friends is posing in a pub.	A ballerina poses.	contradiction
A little girl is standing inside of a hoop that is suspended with orange cords. A little girl is standing inside a circular contraption with bubbles on it. A little girl is wearing pink pants. A little girl at a museum.	A boy standing on one leg.	contradiction
A group of several teenage boys walking along the roadside with a garbage bag. Youth's picking up trash along the side of the street. School kids doing volunteer work. He is walking with a trash bag.	A horse stands.	contradiction
A woman wearing a checkered blouse and a woman wearing a blue and white blouse drinking. Two young ladies in a bar drinking wine to a toast. Two girls drink champagne with their arms crossed. Two women in tank tops are drinking.	Blond woman holding a tray.	neutral
A dark-haired man in seated on a cinder block in front of a painted wall. A guy with legs crossed sitting on cinder block. A man who appears to be homeless or a drifter. A man sitting in front of a wall of graffiti.	A man has an angry look.	neutral
A woman with a black purse walking into the street while a man on in a business suit is walking on the left. Two men walking on a sidewalk, and two women walking in the opposite direction in the background. A few people are walking on the sidewalk and in the street. Two men are walking parallel to two women	A man carrying bags walking.	neutral
Five men dressed as women in black fur coats and glasses, outside of a store on the street, all holding purses in their hands. Five people are dressed in black fur coats with blond wigs leaning on a building. Men dressed in drag outside a store. Five men in drag holding purses	Women stand and talk.	contradiction
Two young Asian girls, one of them wearing a red shirt with a white shirt underneath and the other wearing a long-sleeved white sweater, look up and smile at the person taking their photograph. Two young girls with long hair smiling with rosy cheeks, one with a red shirt, one with a white shirt while hiding behind a wall. Two smiling girls are peeking around a stairwell. Two happy girls looking around the corner.	A child looking at colorful children.	neutral
A man performing a dredging operation in a river with a single-person operated dredging machine. A man is pushing a muddy contraption across shallow water with greenery in the background. A man with black hair pushes a large machine in a swampy watery area. A man in a hat pushing a tracker through some muddy water	A man has a backpack.	neutral
A man with a backpack and a walking stick explores a mountainous terrain. A man grips onto his walking stick as he hikes the rough terrain. Man hikes alone with large mountains in the background. A man is hiking with the help of a walking stick.	Man rejoicing.	contradiction
A man and woman walk away from the camera as a redheaded man walks in the other direction. Young adults dressed casually walk around in a field. People meandering around in a grassy area with trees. People are walking around a park area.	Another player walks.	contradiction
There is a little blond-haired girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground. A closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision. A young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park. A baby girl playing at a park.	A child does a trick.	neutral
A man standing in a storage container with pig skinned and cleaned pig carcasses. A man reading a piece of paper next to stored pork. An Asian man is standing in front of dead pigs. A man is standing next to butchered pigs.	Men have computers.	contradiction
A family of nine people, including four children, pose in front of a brick fireplace with a white mantle. A family poses in front of the fireplace and Christmas tree. A family posing by the mantle and Christmas tree. A happy family poses by the fireplace.	Two girls pose.	neutral
A man in green on a green bike is in the air after jumping off a ramp. The man is performing a trick on a bicycle high in the air. A mountain biker in a green shirt is suspended in the air. A person is doing a bike trick in midair of a dirt jump.	A musician jumping.	contradiction
A mall blond child sits at a table and pushes his nose and chin into a plate of food. A young boy with light brown hair putting his face into his meal. A young boy presses his face into his plate of food. A young child with his face in his plate.	Children eating ice cream.	contradiction
Two girls and two boys of school age have stopped on the beach, near the waters edge and while an adult woman looks on are looking at a clear display case one girl holds. Girl holding clear plastic container with water, while four other kids watch. Children viewing a small container. Kids looking at something outside.	A group of kids playing with guns.	contradiction
A veteran in a brown uniform at a parade with children and American flags The man in the military uniform greets children waving American flags. Military official greets children who are waving American flags. Young children waving American flags for a soldier	A man knitting.	contradiction
A group of people listening to a speech or presentation near the front of the room. A group of Christian women stand in an art gallery on Ash Wednesday. A group of women stand all looking toward the same direction. A group of women waiting to enter a convention.	A woman knitting.	contradiction
Children with colorful balloons and lovers unite on a hot summer day, proving everyone enjoys the city center fountain. Several people, one of whom is wearing a bunny costume, playing in a public fountain with balloons nearby. A group of people splashing around in a big fountain. A group of people are enjoying their day in a pond.	Group lining up.	contradiction
A group of people watch a man in a white shirt speak. A classroom full of men, with the teacher up front. A man in white talks to a group of other men. A college course is in deep thought.	A man having coffee.	contradiction
Pedestrians walking on a crowded street in an Asian city, seen from the back. People walk down a busy city street on a sunny day. A crowd of people walking along a busy street. People walk down a busy street.	A woman with a dress walks.	neutral
Five young boys in blue shirts are writing in notebooks at a table. Several children working on some type of project in a classroom. Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table. Some kids at a table doing work.	A child sitting in a school desk.	entailment
A black and white dog jumping in the air while balancing a gold soccer ball on its nose A black dog balances a soccer ball on its nose. A black dog jumping to get a soccer ball. A dog plays with a soccer ball.	A dog carries an animal in its mouth.	contradiction
A black man in a suit and tie sitting behind a drum set with sheet music in front of it. A young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling. A drummer laughs to himself as he sees something funny. A man sits on his throne behind the drums.	A man relaxing.	contradiction
An elderly Asian woman wearing a red long-sleeved shirt and carrying a woven purse points to a man she is speaking to who is wearing a red light jacket and carrying a satchel. A woman in a red shirt and some jeans looks like she is arguing with a man in red and a great satchel. A woman in a red shirt is talking to a man with a red shirt on the street. A lady in a red jacket talking to a man with a cane.	Man bent over.	neutral
A blond-haired boy wearing a checkered shirt and black shoes is at the lakeside. A little boy standing on a big rock with his arms raised looking out over a lake. A little boy is standing on a rock in front of a lake his arms flung wide. A young boy balances on top of a rock on a sunny day near a lake.	Some policemen standing.	contradiction
The lead singer visited with his band members and had the guitarist sing along with the song. Three men in a rock band performing on stage, in high-fashion clothing and long hair. Three male band members covered in tattoos perform on stage. Rock musicians are performing at a live concert.	A couple singing.	neutral
A group of kids are standing in a passageway and two adult males are standing behind them. Two men in blue shirts are talking to each other while four children walk past. Excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot. A bunch of kids having fun and laughing.	A child kicking a ball with a child.	contradiction
Several people gather around a laptop at a table. Two people consult over a problem with a laptop. Three men are having a conversation at a table. A man is sitting in front of his gray laptop.	A man staring at each other.	contradiction
Man in black shirt with black guitar sings into a microphone surrounded by musical equipment. Two men in black shirts playing electric instruments in a room. A band performing with a closeup on the singer. Rock band performing on a small stage.	A man playing music on a sidewalk.	contradiction
A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happening off-camera. A group of people gathered at night watching an event. Several people are gathered and watching an event. A group of people gathered for an event	A girl holding a sign.	contradiction
There is a woman at the window of a building getting ready to hang a small piece of clothing on a clothesline right outside, which already contains some articles of clothing. A person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building. Woman in the window just trying to dry some socks. A woman hangs socks on a line outside her window.	A woman standing by a bike.	contradiction
An older Asian man wearing an embroidered ski cap poses for a picture. Older gentleman in a red coat and black and white polka dot scarf. An elderly gentleman very smartly dressed. Old man with a black coat and hat.	Men standing side by side.	neutral
An old Chinese man is looking at a computer monitor with his hands on his cheeks. An older man sits and looks at his computer screen with his face in his hands. A man in a gray striped shirt and glasses looks at a monitor. Man with glasses is holding his hands up to his face.	A man and a woman sitting smiling.	contradiction
A woman is jumping really high while in the middle of a ruins ares, with beautiful mountaintops in the distance. An African American woman in a leaping stance with her arms spread open and pyramid like structures behind here A black woman is jumping happily in front of ancient ruins wearing a white shirt and jean skirt. A woman is captured midair into her leap with pyramids in the background.	Lady sitting.	contradiction
A dog is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow shirt with a black vehicle in the background. A dog is dressed in a shirt and pants on the side of the road. A dog wearing jeans and a shirt stands on the sidewalk. A dog wears jeans.	A white and brown dog jumps.	contradiction
A crowd of people is squeezing through the airport. People at a busy terminal during rush hour. A large crowd walks in the same direction. People waiting to get inside a building.	A group studying.	contradiction
A woman in a gray top and black and white checkered skirt and an ace bandage on her knee is dancing with a dark-haired man in a blue shirt and khaki pants. A man in tan pants and a woman wearing a knee brace dancing. Couple dancing in the center of a circle of spectators. A man and a woman dance while a crowd looks on.	A man having coffee.	contradiction
Snow covered wooded area with a structure and a person in white top and orange pants in midair. The skier wearing orange pants is jumping over the wooden roof. The skier jumps over a hut in the snow covered forest. A person ski jumps off a frame shack.	A dog is about to jump.	contradiction
People standing on an observation deck looking out over Paris, the Eiffel Tower is to the right. A group of bystanders view the Eiffel Tower from a balcony. Group of people on the rooftop of a building looking down. This is a group of tourists viewing the Eiffel Tower.	A woman standing in the middle of a street.	contradiction
Four young Asian boys hold bowls and chopsticks as they stand around a barbecue. Four young boys are standing around a grill. Four young teens having fun at a cookout. A group of Asians smiling and eating.	Children move.	neutral
A young child runs down a gravel road covered with dead leaves. A child in a gray jacket is running along a leafy path. The child plays among the leaves in the autumn. A young child runs outside amidst fall leaves.	A little boy walking.	neutral
Two young men with shaggy hair are waiting outside, wearing warm clothes and backpacks. Two long-haired boys are by a white window. Two teenage boys walking on the street. Two young men walking together.	Two people fix a bicycle.	contradiction
A couple enjoy a beautiful day bicycling on a bike trail wearing bicycling safety helmets and gloves. Two cyclist a man and a woman enjoy a leisurely bike ride on the cobblestone path. A couple, wearing helmets and backpacks, ride their bikes down a brick road. A man and a woman ride bikes next to each other on a road made of bricks.	A man has fallen.	contradiction
A smiling woman with red lips wearing a white sweater and black hat is waving. A woman in a yellow fluffy shirt waving next to dried corn husks. A woman waving from between two piles of dried corn husk. A woman waving at the camera and smiling.	A woman holding flowers stands.	neutral
A tennis player wearing a black shirt swings back to hit a yellow ball. A tennis player in mid-swing at a match. Man in black and white playing tennis. A tennis player about to hit the ball.	Several players stand.	contradiction
A lot of people wearing helmet are riding bikes on a trail. Many racers are racing on bikes in distinct uniforms. A group of cyclists biking down a road. Tour de France like in the valley.	A group walks across a street.	contradiction
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting beside and watching a woman read a book. It looks as though a woman is reading a book with her boyfriend. A couple wearing black t-shirts are sitting with each other. A couple sits together reading.	A couple kissing each other.	contradiction
Two little girls, one in a black and green dress and one in a white dress, both walk hand-in-hand down a path surrounded by greenery. Two small girls, one in black, the other in white, walking down a paved path. Two young girls in dresses and sweaters walking hand in hand down a path. Two young girls holding hands and walking down a path at dusk.	Fans walking.	neutral
Man in brown jacket extends his hand for water outside a blue building. A man in a brown coat is leaving a blue shop with a painting A dark-skinned man tending to the merchandise of his shop. A hooded man working in a kiosk displays his wares.	Man doing some kind of maintenance work.	contradiction
A lady in a black jacket walking on a sidewalk with a mural that contains a skunk and a snake in the background. A woman walks by a wall that has a road, flowers, skunk and a snake painted onto it. A lady walks by a mural of a skunk and a snake. Lady in tan slacks walking past a painted wall.	A woman walks down a street carrying a bag.	neutral
An Asian man reading a piece of paper into a microphone with an Asian lady in a light blue jacket standing next to him looking at a folder. A dark-haired woman is looking at papers standing next to a dark-haired man speaking into a microphone. A middle-aged female and a young man, standing by a microphone. A man and woman are reading from a script into a microphone.	Men rowing.	contradiction
A girl wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall, with a metal pole by her side. A girl making her way within solid ice walls. A warmly dress child plays in a glacier. Climbing and exploring the ice caves.	A partner standing.	contradiction
A child is grabbing dough from a cutting board. A child is touching dough on a cutting board. A little girl is playing with some dough. A young girl unwraps a box.	A child hanging while another child swings.	contradiction
A man with a black hat and black shirt is talking on a cellphone and drinking a beer outside. A man in a leather hat talks on a cellphone in a chair on the street. Three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats. Several people are sitting outside of a building.	Two women sitting eating.	contradiction
A small child is passed out asleep in an armchair on top of a blue jacket. A young child is sleeping on a blanket on a couch. A young child is sleeping on a chair. A child, asleep on a comfy chair.	Boys gesturing.	contradiction
Two guys, one wearing a white shirt and one wearing a gray shirt, are in the street in front of a white van, one motioning towards the camera while the other claps. A man in a gray t-shirt and light blue jeans on a sidewalk, with a man in a white shirt and black shorts clapping in the background. There is a young man running towards the camera, in the street, and his friend is cheering him on. Young black man runs at camera while onlooker claps.	Two boys fishing.	contradiction
A young child wearing a black hat has an acoustic guitar on his lap. A little baby with a cowboy hat on playing the guitar. A young boy shows off his new guitar and cowboy hat. Young boy in cowboy hat wants to play guitar.	An Asian girl sitting.	contradiction
Two dogs are holding the same stick in their mouths while in the water. Two dogs in the surf holding on to the same stick. The two dogs are in the water retrieving a stick. Two dogs swimming with a stick.	Dogs barking at each other.	contradiction
A boy opens his mouth wide with delight in a field of giant sunflowers. There is a little boy with his mouth open next to a lot of sunflowers A boy with a huge smile on hid face, in a flower field. A child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers.	A child looks out.	neutral
A man in a black shirt plays the guitar surrounded by drinks. A man sitting at a table playing an acoustic guitar. A father playing a song on his guitar for his son. A man is sitting in a chair playing a guitar.	A man is falling.	contradiction
A photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park. A person is crouched down taking a photograph of a skateboarder. A photographer capturing a skateboarder mid trick. One man doing skateboarding stunts.	A man standing.	contradiction
A woman in a red dress and hat holds a chain attached to handcuffs on another woman who is dressed in an apron, pinafore, and fright wig. A woman wearing a red dress is hanging on to a chain that is connected to a pair of handcuffs. Lady in red dress, fishnet stocking, holding chain of handcuffed man in dress. Two women chained together, one in a red dress, the other in a blue shirt.	Two women sitting in a plant.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt and jeans, breakdancing in a city street with a crowd watching. Street dancing on plastic while a large group of youth stand about and watch. A man is breakdancing and he has spectators. A man breakdancing for a crowd of people	A group playing instruments for a group.	contradiction
A military uniformed man with a purple accented hair female standing on concrete. A smiling man in naval officers uniform stands next to a woman with purple hair. A woman with purple hair and a man in military regalia. Man in uniform stands near woman with purple hair.	Students stand.	contradiction
A little boy skateboarder is doing a trick on his board while another young skateboarder watches. A boy takes a jump on his skateboard while another boy with a skateboard watches. A young boy skateboarder jumping on a platform on a skateboard. Two skateboarders.	A child has an instrument.	contradiction
A young woman with the Mexican flag painted on her cheek is standing with her back to the camera. There is a young woman dressed in green and red with a Mexican flag face-painted on her cheek. A woman in a green shirt and face paint is looking at something. A woman in a green shirt with a flag painted on her cheek.	Bridesmaids standing.	contradiction
A group of women observe as two men attempt to fix their bikes. A gentleman is checking a bike wheel while some women watch. Three women look on as two men look at the tire of a bike. Two men and two young women work on a blue bike.	A man has a microphone.	contradiction
A woman in a red shirt and multicolored hat does dishes in the sink. Lady with the red shirt and a towel on her head is cleaning dishes. A woman with a red tank top and colorful head wrap washing dishes. A woman in a red tank top washes dishes in the kitchen sink.	A lady looks out.	contradiction
A man with long hair on stage playing an keyboard with a mic in front of him. One man playing the keyboard, while his hair swooshes back and forth. A musician playing a keyboard in a concert. A man plays a keyboard on stage.	A performer sings on stage.	neutral
Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass. The dogs are walking in the desert. Two dogs walking along dirt path. Two dogs run across dry ground.	Two dogs playing ball.	contradiction
A man in a gray cap, a pink tank top and short skirt, pink-and-black striped socks, and boots juggles knives in front of a brick building whose sign reads "The Pump Room" while onlookers watch. An male entertainer is wearing women's clothing that consists of a pink tank top, skirt, knee high socks, and a hairnet, performing on a unicycle a juggling knives while a crowd watches. A man, wearing a short pink skirt, long striped socks, a pink tank top, and a hairnet, is juggling knives to the amusement of onlookers. A street juggler performing while wearing a colorful outfit.	A man gazing.	contradiction
A man and a woman are seated holding musical instruments while another woman stands at a podium. An audience are watching two seated musicians and a speaker standing at a podium. A musical trio - two females and a male - is performing in an auditorium Three musicians join each other in song on a stage.	Men kickboxing.	contradiction
The man in the bright colored shirt is balancing a knife on his arm. A man balances a knife on his arm as another man watches. A man has a knife on his arm and another man is watching. A young man shows off a knife trick to another.	A man crouching.	neutral
An Asian girl wearing a gray and white stripe shirt smiling at the camera while serving herself something. A woman is using a machine and is smiling. A woman smiling as she works a machine. Girl at fountain, getting a drink.	A girl and woman walking.	contradiction
A woman in a red jacket and another person get their snowboards out on a snow filled parking lot. A woman is wearing sunglasses at a ski resort parking lot. Woman standing in snow behind an individual with skis. Two young women getting ready to ski.	A woman smiling.	neutral
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel. Two people sit on a bench at a park. Two adults sit on a bench. Two people on a bench.	A nun sits.	neutral
A woman in a blue shirt attempting to take a picture of a man in a wheelchair, two men dressed in military uniform, a woman in a white shirt, a man in a suit and a man in a blue shirt. Woman setting up a photograph of a gentleman in a wheelchair with 3 onlookers and two officials. A woman with a camera is talking to six other people including the man in the wheelchair. Woman lining up a photo shoot.	Woman carving.	contradiction
A group of people, dressed in casual clothes and baseball caps, congregating in a park. Two men, one holding a snack, and a woman talking at a park. A group of older people standing around talking outside. People talking at an event in a park.	Crowds falling.	contradiction
A group of men and women sit at a restaurant table with beer and food. Friends are at a bar drinking, eating, and having a conversation. A group of people sit at a table that has food and drinks on it. A group of young people eating at a restaurant.	Men with sunglasses talking.	neutral
A young boy in a red shirt points at something. A young boy in a blue hat is pointing. A toddler boy being cute and pointing. A baby wearing a nice clothes	A child holding a trophy.	contradiction
An elderly man with a beret on, smiling for the camera. A man wearing glasses and beret driving a vehicle. A man in a purple hat is smiling for the camera. A man with a large mustache and purple hat.	A man having his picture taken.	entailment
A man who is wearing only shorts and shoes is standing on rocks with the water below him. A young man in shorts is looking into a stream next to a rock wall. A man is standing by rocks and water and is holding a stick. The man is standing by a creek in blue flannel shorts.	A pair standing.	contradiction
A kangaroo wearing a yellow and black striped vest with the number eight on it is hopping. Race dogs run their fastest down a sandy track. A group of greyhounds race on a track. Many dogs race around the track.	A dog plays with a brown dog.	neutral
Man and women both vaguely clothed, with their arms interlocked between each other. A shirtless man and woman are holding each other while standing in a pile of leaves. A man and woman who are standing outside in the grass doing a photo shoot. A couple wearing white play around in the front yard.	A man performs a flip.	contradiction
A large group of people are watching something, screaming, and taking pictures. A group of people smiling and dancing in a huddle group together. A crowd of girls at a concert. A crowd of people stand.	A child smiles.	neutral
A man in a paper made kings crown is letting another man in a blue hat look inside at something he has in a bag. A couple of homeless people rummage through a bag containing items that make them laugh. A man wearing a crown digs through his bag with a friend. Man looking into another man's bag.	Men standing side by side.	neutral
Two girls wearing a yellow shirt, one wearing a green shirt, and the last wearing a pink are each looking to the side A group of children are huddled together in a yard with a bamboo fence. Four young girls are standing in front of a wooden fence. A group of young girls in a fenced in area.	A child kicking a ball with a child.	contradiction
A man with a beard sits with a guitar that's opened up, and wires exposed. A man in a black t-shirt smiles as he sits in front of a guitar. A man in a black shirt working on a guitar. A bearded man repairing guitars.	A man learning.	contradiction
Two young boys with blue shirts and glasses posing for the camera Two young boys posing for a picture on a bench. Two children in blue shirts laying on benches Two boys are lying on benches.	A man lays down to rest.	contradiction
A man in a green shirt laughs next to a woman in a yellow sweater, holding a pink balloon and wearing a pink tiara. A teen in a green shirt laughs, while a girl with a yellow sweater, and a pink, plastic tiara, holds a balloon. A man laughs next to a woman wearing a pink hat, and holding a pink balloon. A girl with a pink tiara and pink balloon and a guy laughing.	A woman and girl pose.	contradiction
Out of a crowd of women with attentive faces in medical uniforms, one blond woman looks up into the camera smiling. Several women, some in scrubs and other with badges, are waiting in a crowd. A hospital staff watching something. A crowd of women stand together.	A kid standing.	contradiction
A person in a purple and white jacket is standing behind a man with a gray shirt while a woman with a purse passes them, going the opposite direction. An older man is walking along the street in front of a woman. A man in a purple jacket has an expression on his face. A man squinting with two women behind him	A man shielding himself.	neutral
Two boys, one with a yellow and orange ball, play in some water in front of a field. Two children play with a balloon in mud on a sunny day. The children are playing in the water. Two boys play in a puddle.	A kid does a trick.	neutral
A man in an all white outfit plays guitar on stage. A man in white singing and playing the guitar A man dressed in white plays a guitar. A blond singer, playing guitar.	A crowd playing instruments.	neutral
A construction worker in jeans is standing on a scaffold holding on to a metal frame with a city backdrop. Workman standing on scaffolding against the New York City skyline. A construction worker is building scaffolding for the job. A construction worker assembles a scaffold.	Man with camera standing.	contradiction
A dirt-blonde girl in a white top with a key necklace holds a bag, standing in front of a sidewalk of street. The blue hat covered the young man's eyes from the bright sun, while playing tennis in a green shirt. Lady in white shirt with a green bag posing for the camera A red-haired Caucasian girl with a green bag.	A lady looks out.	neutral
A line of people wearing black and plaid outfits are walking while carrying sticks with attached bags. A group of women all similarly dressed marching holding a large object on their right. A group of women all dressed the same are carrying the same looking item. Men in traditional wear marching single file next to rows of coconut's.	A group climbs.	neutral
Boy rock climbing on a blue wall while an adult looks away. Little boy climbing an indoor rock climbing wall. A boy climbs an indoor rock climbing wall. A boy climbs a rock wall.	A boy posing.	neutral
Spectators are watching a bull rider as the bull is bucking. A crowd looks on as a cowboy rides a bull at the rodeo A group of spectators watch a man ride a bull. A man is on a bucking bull at the Rodeo.	A man is jumping.	neutral
A group of Asian people posing for a picture while others take the picture, with the ocean in the background. Individuals in winter clothing are gathered on a deck with a body of water in the background. A group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water. A group of people on a pier posing for a picture.	A group doing stretching.	contradiction
A man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in Chinese. A man in a flannel shirt and a baseball cap is walking on the street. A man in a green hat and striped shirt walking. The man is on his way home.	A man giving a man a ride.	contradiction
Lady with straw hat covering face and head standing on a rock in front of the ocean wearing red sandals. A small child wearing a hat is playing on rocks at the edge of a body of water. A kid wearing a hat and wet pants stands on a rock at the beach. A child in a straw hat stands on stones at a beach.	Boys sparring.	contradiction
Two people wearing red are sitting on a brick wall drinking coffee. Some people walking and others sitting by a street corner. An elderly couple sit next to each other at a coffee shop. A group of adults congregate on a street corner.	Two men drinking out of cups.	neutral
A person in a turquoise vest is sitting on a stone bench with a few other people. People sitting a circle with a man in a green vest talking on the phone. A group of people sit and stand around a circular bench. Someone sitting down and talking on the phone.	A man watching another man jump.	contradiction
Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch. A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture. Two young children wearing green fleece, surrounded by toys. Two little boys are playing with toys.	A child leaning over.	neutral
Three children are walking past a parking garage, one of them is on a bike. Two people are walking and one is riding a bike at the edge of a street. A woman gazes across the street from where she is walking. Some young people walk past a garage.	Asian walking.	neutral
Two black girls and a black boy all dressed up and playing on the meadow. Some children play in the grass outside near a tree. Three young children play in the grass under a tree. Three little children are playing on the grass	A boy gazing.	neutral
A person wearing dark jeans and white t-shirt, with a dark backpack on his back, and a camera in his left with a big lenses jumping off the end of a dock and into the water A man with a black backpack is jumping off a pier into a lake. A man wearing a backpack is jumping off a pier. A photograph jumps from a dock beside a lake	A cyclist doing a jump.	neutral
Here is a picture of a blond middle-aged woman talking on her cellphone at a local fair. A woman wearing sunglasses is holding a pink cellphone to her ear. A blond woman with glasses on talking on her pink cellphone. A woman in a brown shirt talking on a pink mobile.	A lady speaking.	entailment
A tan dog splashing in water on the bank of a pond or river. A light colored dog splashes through the water. A white dog is splashing through the water. A big tan dog jumps in the water.	A brown dog running.	contradiction
A woman holding a black umbrella and wearing black boots, a man in a black vest and pants with a black messenger bag, and a man dressed in a black suit walking a black poodle walk in front of a mural depicting a life-sized jumping cow in a field. A busy sidewalk, overlooked by a painting of a cow. Three people walk by a mural of a cow. People walking in the platform.	A man smiling.	neutral
A man with a name tag that says "Jim" is knitting. A retired citizen makes crafts with yarn. An old man named Jim is knitting. An elderly man sewing with yarn.	A man sailing.	contradiction
A man is standing on his head, in midair on a giant flag while many onlookers watch and hoist him up. A man's legs are in the air while his back is on a Lone Star Texas flag. Crowd throwing a person into the air with a blue, white, and red flag. A crowd of jubilant people flip a man up in the air using a large flag.	Some men sitting.	contradiction
A dog on wood floor is staring at a yellow ball that is lying on orange carpet. The dog crouched on the orange rug and stared at the tennis ball. A little brown dog stares at a tennis ball on an orange carpet. A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.	A dog playing in the sand with a ball.	contradiction
Four girls dressed in warm clothing walking down a road covered in snow. Four people walk down an icy road away from camera Four women are taking a walk down an icy road. Four women walk down a snow covered road.	Farmer walking.	neutral
A male rock climber is scaling a wall while another man belays him. One man climbing a rock wall while another man is below. Men in shorts rock climbing. Two men are rock climbing.	A man is shirtless.	neutral
A man with a short beard, wearing a sweater, is working at his desk. A gentlemen dressed nicely looking at something on his desk. Man with goatee looking at a computer screen. A man with a goatee is working in an office.	Men smile while sitting.	neutral
A group of people, many of them wearing pink signs on their backs, stand in front of stage featuring a skull and cross-bone flag. A lot of people are standing facing their backs to the camera with hot pink signs posted on their back. A group of women wearing pink signs are standing in a park. A crowd of women are involved in an advocacy walk.	A man opening a novelty gift.	contradiction
A man in a purple shirt is about to talk to a man in a white shirt with suspenders. A man is standing next to a red door. Two men are standing by a red door. A man is looking at another man.	A man lining up.	neutral
An indigenous man standing on the beach laughing at the photographer taking the picture. A man with a long-sleeve soccer uniform and hat on stands on the beach smiling. A skinny old man in a beach hat laughs on a tropical beach. An old Asian man wearing a blue shirt on a beach smiling.	A parent smiling.	neutral
Teenagers in matching shirts stand at the side of the road holding trash bags. Youth's picking up trash along the side of the street. School kids doing volunteer work. He is walking with a trash bag.	A crowd watching children.	contradiction
Three little girls helping dad pick out the Christmas tree. Guy cutting down Christmas tree with his three young children. A man and three children shopping for a Christmas tree. A family cuts a Christmas tree.	A parent picking out a plant.	entailment
Large crowd standing on the side of the road waving at something or someone passing by. There is a small crowd gathered, some with American flags and some taking pictures. Group of people waving small American flags by a fence. People holding small American flags.	A group hanging on a sidewalk.	neutral
Two children running in a field with a kite there is a fence in the background and mountains Two young girls run across a field as they fly a kite in the cloud-covered sky. Two children running in a field. Two young girls fly a kite.	A child playing on a toy.	contradiction
A skateboarder grinding on a rail in a skate park with others in the background. A man in shirt, jeans, and a black hat skates along a rail at a skate park. Male adult practicing skateboard tricks at a skate park. Skateboarder riding a rail at the park	A child skateboards down a street.	contradiction
The large black dog is walking in the water. A black dog plays around near a waterfall. Black dog prancing through the river. A black dog in front of a waterfall.	A man stands with a dog.	contradiction
A girl in a green top is blowing the seed from a dandelion in a green field. A young girl is blowing dandelions in a field. A girl picking dandelions in a grassy meadow. A young girl standing in a grassy field.	A woman with a child stands.	neutral
Three gentlemen looking at clothes on a store clothes rack. A man showing a red garment to two other men in a shop. Three men examining clothing in a clothing shop. A group of men looking at clothing.	A dark-skinned man standing.	neutral
A young man wearing a bandanna is lifting weights with a barbell. A young man struggles to lift barbell during a gym workout. Man in red bandanna straining to lift a heavy barbell. A man, in a blue shirt, lifts a weight bar.	A man with a beard smiling.	neutral
A woman is singing in a band with two men playing guitars and a man playing drums. A four person band, one female and three males are performing on a stage. A band consisting of one female and three males plays during the day. The band performs on a naturally lit stage.	A musician performing at a concert.	entailment
A little kid playing in the snow and around bushes. A little girl in a pink hat walks in the snow. A bundled up toddler is walking over snow. A small girl trots through the snow.	A boy and a child sitting.	contradiction
Old black man in black and yellow jacket playing the sax. An elderly black man plays a saxophone on the street. An African American man playing a saxophone. Old man playing saxophone on the street.	Two men leaning on a brick wall.	contradiction
A man in khakis pants is lying on concrete and looking into the sky. Using his bag as a pillow, a man takes a nap in the city. A man rests on a concrete bench using his bag as a pillow. A balding man laying outside on his bag.	A man sleeping on his motorbike.	contradiction
The man in a Japanese cooking suit is preparing a meal for two people. A teppanyaki chef prepares dinner for restaurant guests. A man cooking at a restaurant in front of diners. A chef cooking at a hibachi grill.	Dark-skinned men sitting.	neutral
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on. A man is holding metal rims one with each hand while talking to two people. A man in black and white outfit jugging large white rings. A juggler bowing after a performance.	A man riding down a road.	neutral
A man in a blue shirt leans on a wall beside a road with a blue van and red car with water in the background. A man in a blue uniform lean against a wall with a no smoking sign. A man waits by the side of the road, near a body of water. A man leaning against a wall near a red car.	Businessmen sitting.	contradiction
Three men are on the patio of an apartment in a crowded city. Three men stand outside a building balcony in the sun. Three men outside on the patio of a building. Three men are standing on a balcony.	Men looking towards the ground.	neutral
Two women from Florida experience snow for the first time, jumping for joy at the sight and feel of the cold, wet northern treasure. One boy and a girl dressed in snowsuits, jumped in air with hands raised in lots of snow. Two people are jumping on the side of a road with snow in the background. Two people in long pants and long-sleeved shirts jumping in the snow.	Some children posing.	contradiction
Man in black shirt singing into microphone and playing a guitar. A man wearing a black shirt sings and plays a guitar. A scruffy looking man is playing guitar and singing. A brown-haired male singing while playing a guitar.	A man playing an instrument while seated.	neutral
A person in a hat is pushing a blue cart with two wheels with lots of people behind them. A person pushes a food cart through the streets. Street vendors all over in an Asian market. A person working at a food cart.	A man riding a cart pulled by a donkey.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt and jeans stands leaning on a sewing machine table, while a woman in a blue skirt and purple shawl watches, accompanied by a man behind the sewing machine and a young man in a blue shirt sitting on the ground. A man in a white shirt and a woman in a vibrant dress are engaging in conversation in front of another man operating a sewing machine. There is a man sitting at a sewing machine outside behind a small brick house and talking to three other people. Four people outside together near a table.	A brunette standing.	neutral
A worker is being scolded by her boss in a stern lecture. A manager talks to an employee about job performance. A hot, blond girl getting criticized by her boss. Sonic employees talking about work.	A man standing with his arms out.	neutral
A young man, without apparent protective gear, is on a bicycle jumping over small hills of sand or gravel, with a long bridge and tall buildings in the background. A man on a bicycle, wearing an all black outfit, looks as though he 's hanging in midair over a bridge. A young male is doing a bike trick on a bridge in the evening. A man is doing tricks on a bike and is very high in the air.	A rider performs an aerial trick.	entailment
Man in mid stride suspended in air, about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court. Man with red shirt and black shorts leaning backwards. A man in red and black about to strike a tennis ball. Here is a male tennis player about to swat a serve.	A man skating.	contradiction
One man carrying stacks of hay in a grassy field. The man is walking through a field carrying hay. A man in a field is gathering hay on a pole. A worker bringing crops to his homeland.	Two men preparing a meal.	contradiction
Mountain climber in a red suit poses on snowy peak with mountains in the background A person in red snow gear is kneeling on a snowy ridge under a blue sky. A man at the top of a mountain with a beautiful view in the background A man on a snowy peak.	A man sitting at his desk.	contradiction
A teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard in an area with much graffiti. A boy performs a skateboarding trick down a set of stairs. A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.	A child standing under a fountain.	contradiction
A man with no shirt on is rock climbing. A bald, shirtless man rock climbing. A rock climber scales a mountain. A bald man climbing rocks.	Guy does his job.	contradiction
An Asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger Asian boy sitting near buy, while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks. A man, woman, and child sit and eat food outdoors. The child and his parents are sharing lunch. A family eating around a tiny table.	Group eating a snack.	entailment
Young people dressed in vibrantly colored clothing are participating in a group activity. A group of teenage girls dance in a circle on stage. Teenage dancers perform at a competition. Asian teens performing on stage.	A group of women running.	contradiction
Four men with binoculars look into the distance against a blue sky with wisps of white clouds. Four men with binoculars looking out to try and see something. Four people looking off into the distance with binoculars. Four people looking through binoculars.	A child sitting in a seat.	contradiction
A man with a black shirt, shorts and a black messenger bag, is listening to a man, sitting with black pants and a white t-shirt, playing the guitar. An man wearing headphones observes an older man performing his guitar on a public street bench. A man standing listening to music while watching a man picking a guitar while at the park. Guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him.	A man playing instrument for money.	entailment
A group of people, a wedding party including a bride and groom, are walking down a path lined by benches and surrounded by grass and trees. Several members of a wedding party, including the bride, are walking past a lamp and some park benches. The people are following the Bride and the Groom at a wedding. A wedding day with the bride in a bright white beautiful dress	Partners walk.	entailment
A leather clad biker wearing face-paint sits on his motorcycle next to another biker who is standing beside his bike on a city street. Two bikers pose for a picture, one of which is wearing a skull mask. Two bikers, one with a mask, pose in the street with their bikes. Two men pose with their motorcycles.	An artist standing.	contradiction
Two men dressed in festive orange clothing, another man approaching in an Uncle Sam hat and a lady with a name tag on her gold sweater. A man and a woman are dressed in vibrant orange outfits. A man and a woman dressed in bright orange attire Two men are dressed in bright orange clothes.	A man standing next to a woman.	entailment
Two dogs are competing for an object in one 's mouth nearby a beach. A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach. Two brown dogs stand in the surf and play with a small blue ball. Two tan dogs share a blue ball while standing on a beach.	Two dogs playfully fight.	entailment
Some people are standing near a booth and looking at things. A woman in purple is sampling some food from a table. Several older people stand in front of a food booth. Some women are looking at items on a table.	A group stands.	entailment
A white dog with black spots catches a bright green and pink Frisbee in a field. A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee. A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee A dog catching a Frisbee.	A dog jumps to catch a flying disc.	entailment
Here soldiers in transport in a vehicle to some location, they are surrounded by other soldiers and equipment. Military men are getting ready for their duties. A group of soldiers riding in a bus. An army of men wait inside a convoy.	Group seated.	entailment
A man and woman wearing sunglasses and white t-shirts smile for the camera. A man and a woman in white shirts and dark glasses smiling. The man and the woman pose for a picture by some bushes. Man and woman wearing sunglasses posing for picture.	A woman bending over.	contradiction
A motorcyclist with a backpack traveling on his blue bike. A man in a yellow shirt is sitting on a motorcycle. A man is on a blue motorcycle. A man on a blue motorcycle.	A man riding a motorbike.	entailment
Man sweeps ground alongside bundles of cardboard and paper outside of a building There is a man with a white cap on and he is also sweeping the floor. An elderly man, wearing a white hat, is sweeping a parking lot. A man with a white hat is sweeping a parking lot.	A guy smoking.	neutral
A group of women are walking the street in different directions. Woman in white shirt and blue and white shorts walking. A woman is running across the street. Girls walking across the street.	Pedestrians walk.	entailment
A few firefighters, wearing black, yellow, and pink jackets, standing next to a firetruck. Several firefighters stand outside of a building near their firetrucks. Firefighters at a scene with a firetruck that has its lights on. Firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.	Some men talk.	neutral
Two older men dressed in business coats stand contemplatively outside of a stone building. Two men are in conversation with one looking off in the distance. Two men in business casual attire waiting outside. Two men sit side by side next to a green plant.	Men talking.	entailment
A man dressed in dark colors and a hat plays his guitar on the side of the road. A man in a suit and hat is playing the guitar on the street. A man with a top hat is playing guitar on the sidewalk. A man on the street playing a guitar.	A man stands next to a tree.	neutral
Children are sitting on the ground with bead jewelry in front of them. Children sitting near items for sale on the ground. Children selling beads and jewelry on a floor. Kids sit in the street at a market.	Men selling goods.	contradiction
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub. Two little kids are in a bathtub with a yellow and blue umbrella. Two young children under a blue and yellow umbrella. Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.	Children seated.	neutral
A photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag. The lady pedestrian appears oblivious to the large ad in the window she is passing. A woman wearing a black jacket and purse walking in front of an advertisement. A woman is walking past an advertisement in a window.	Lady digging.	contradiction
An African-American young man is sitting on a fence railing with his legs wrapped a young woman, as another young man looks on. Two men sitting in a railing over stairs, with one man wearing a hat is holding a woman in a zebra print dress between his legs. Young male looks on as another male sitting on a fence wraps his legs around a female in a zebra styled tank top and skirt. A man sitting on a fence with his legs wrapped around a woman standing in front of him.	Friend sits.	neutral
A man with glasses and a Yankees baseball cap is wearing headphones and watching something. A man with glasses is listening to headphones and looking at a computer screen. Man wearing a baseball cap, eyeglasses, and headphones. A gentleman listening to earphones.	A fan sits.	neutral
Baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat A baseball player swings his bat at a ball, the umpire and catcher pay close attention behind him. A man is swinging a strike in a baseball game. A baseball player in mid-swing.	The baseball player holds his glove out.	entailment
A man with a colorful hat is sitting next to a variety of tools. An old man sells hardware parts on a dirty sidewalk. A man is sitting against a building using tools. Man sitting on a can in the street.	A man turning around.	contradiction
A person in a green and white suit does tricks midair on a black bike. The man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air. Person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle. A BMX biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike.	A cyclist flying through the air.	entailment
Two children, one male the other female in a room, the female is getting into a chair. Children are playing in a classroom setting: one of them is climbing onto a chair. Two young children are in a room dressed in blue pants. A girl in a pink shirt is climbing onto a wooden chair.	A girl sits at a table.	neutral
Group of people walking down the street greeting the crowd. A busy outdoor Saint Patrick 's Day event in the streets. People in green are walking around a public space. A crowd of people walking.	A man waving.	contradiction
Two people, one is riding a white horse and the other is riding a brown horse. Two horses and riders jump over a large log during a race. Two women in riding gear are racing horses. Two men in jockey uniforms racing horses.	An animal with a rider leaps.	entailment
Three men have a conversation while sitting around an ornate table with microphones. Three men sitting around a table during a speaking engagement. Several men on stage having a discussion. Three men talk into microphones	Men sit.	entailment
A woman stands in a field surrounded by three attentive gray dogs. Three brown dogs are jumping up at the woman wearing blue. The woman and three dogs are in a field. Three gray dogs jump at a woman.	A girl holds something.	contradiction
A group of construction workers dressed in orange safety vest sit on the ground assembling a railroad track. Workers wearing reflective vests working near a train car. Rail workers working on train tracks in the city. There are laborers working on a train track.	Onlookers stand.	contradiction
A young dark-haired woman crouches on the banks of a river while washing dishes. A woman with long dark hair washes her dishes alongside a dirty pool of water. A woman washes pans and dishes in a murky body of water. A woman cleaning pots in a body of water.	A lady jumps.	contradiction
A man, wearing a specs, is painting the picture of a boy in front of him as a few interested people look at his paintings. Several people are standing on a street corner watching a cartoonist with glasses draw on his sketch pad. A crowd watches as a woman draws caricatures. Child sits for painter, while others watch.	Some men sitting in a small boat.	contradiction
An officer in uniform is glancing at notes while leaning against a church wall Uniformed police officer stands outside a New York catholic church. A cop is reading over his paper next to the church. A police officer a New York church.	A policeman standing.	entailment
A male tennis player standing on a tennis court swings his tennis racket at the tennis ball. The tennis player holds his racket up anticipating the ball. A man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball. A man plays tennis.	A cameraman stands.	contradiction
A woman is standing next to a road where the cars on the road are blurry. A woman stands in front of a pizzeria while traffic buzzes by her. Traffic is zooming past the woman wearing a yellow jersey. A female in a green shirt standing while traffic passes.	A woman standing and holding a bag.	neutral
A blond man in a black shirt and tan shorts is eating ribs and drinking red wine outdoors at a wooden table. A man in a black shirt eating his meal on a round table. A man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts eating. A man having a meal on a table outside.	A man sitting eating food.	entailment
A man in glasses and a black leather motorcycle jacket stands in a narrow laundromat, one arm outstretched as if to balance himself, the other adjusts his glasses. A man is standing in a laundromat with a leather jacket and dark-rimmed glasses, holding his hand on his head. A young man wearing glasses looks frustrated in a laundromat. Man in leather jacket holding glasses at laundromat.	A man posing for the artist.	contradiction
A person is performing a diving stunt off a tall building. A girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting. A person in a swimsuit is diving off a building. A diver midair against an urban background.	A man is chopping wood.	contradiction
A man in a black apron beside a huge grill filled with sorted meats. A man in an apron standing in front of food beneath a menu. A guy looks at the camera while he cooks food on a big grill A cook displays the grilled meats available.	Kid standing up.	contradiction
A little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard. A child in a sweatshirt is drawing on a chalkboard. A young boy is writing on a chalkboard. A young child drawing on a chalkboard.	Some boys dancing.	contradiction
Three Asian children, most prominently a young girl, in a classroom setting completing an assignment. Two boys and a girl doing schoolwork in a classroom with a green wall in the background. A girl with a purple sweater and a green headband is doing classwork in a classroom. Three children, one girl and two boys, are working on a classroom assignment.	Children sitting.	entailment
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction. A young girl in a blue t-shirt stands next to a game entitled " Grandma 's Predictions. " A group of people standing near a predictions machine. People are standing around a prediction machine.	A lady carrying a child.	neutral
A climber wearing a blue helmet and headlamp is attached to a rope on the rock face. Person with blue helmet and purple pants is rock climbing. A woman in purple snakeskin pants climbs a rock. A rock climber climbs a large rock.	A man climbs a wall.	contradiction
Two people, wearing long sleeves and helmets, ride bikes downhill. A blurred vision of a bike rider in front of a hill top. Two bikers bike across the countryside. Two people ride bike in countryside.	A cyclist leaning.	neutral
A band with saxophones and trombones are preparing to play music. Members of a brass band look at their sheet music. A group of instrument players on a stage A group of men with brass instruments.	A band sitting.	entailment
This man is working in a wood shop and wearing ear protection. A young man cutting wood in a shop. A man is working splitting wood. A man works in a loud wood shop.	A man sawing a plank of wood.	entailment
Three professional men in suits stand around talking. A white man is speaking with two Indian businessmen. Three men talking at an entrepreneurs convention. Three men in business clothing talking.	Man cuts hair.	contradiction
Five young people smiling for picture and one child not facing front A group of young Asian women smiling for the camera. Some Asian college girls are drinking A group of Asian girls having fun.	Women holding cups.	neutral
The dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth. A dog happily plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day. A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore. A dog is playing in water on a beach.	Some scouts standing.	contradiction
A seated man in a blue T-shirt and green cap rests against divider glass in a train car. A man in a green ha is tired from shopping so he sleeps in the train. An older black man in a blue shirt and green hat dozes on the subway. A man in a green hat is sleeping.	Some guys walking.	contradiction
An African American woman in orange and yellow standing next to two brightly colored clowns. An African American woman standing between two people dressed as clowns. An African-American woman is standing with two clowns. A woman having her picture taken with two clowns.	Performers standing.	entailment
Someone in a red and white uniform is driving a red and white motorcycle down a track with the front wheel in the air. The red motorcycle pulls a wheelie on the racetrack. A man on a motorcycle does a wheelie on the track. A man on a red crotch rocket.	A rider doing a maneuver.	entailment
A woman in jeans and a hoodie on a subway sleeping while others ride along. A woman in a polka dotted jacket is asleep on a train full of people A woman is asleep in a subway car. A woman sleeping on the subway.	A woman has headphones.	neutral
Friends enjoying a celebration and learn how to knit. A group of friends working on a quilt. Man in a sweater learning to knit. A group of people are knitting.	Two men working on computers.	contradiction
A girl in a black t-shirt doing a jump while other girls walk behind her during a parade. A dancing girl performs a high kick in a parade. Girl kicking in midair surrounded by onlookers The young dancer marches in the parade.	A woman jumps in the air.	entailment
In front of a laundromat and The Gulch of San Francisco, there is a man down on the ground, a man on a cellphone, and a couple of women walking by. The man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack. A man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street. Person in blue laying in the middle of a street.	A woman sews.	contradiction
A woman wearing a wedding gown and holding a flower is standing on the brick sidewalk. The long-haired bride is holding a small bouquet as cars drive by. The woman in the bridal dress is standing on the brick walkway. A woman leaving a wedding.	A partner stands.	neutral
Several people stopped by the side of the road are watching what is happening in the woods. Middle-aged man in white shorts and flip-flops looking up the road A group of people linger on the side of a road. Tourists enjoying mother nature.	A crowd standing.	entailment
A little boy and a little girl are playing outside with bubbles. The girl has a pacifier while the boy is making bubbles Two small blond children blowing bubbles in a park. A boy blowing bubbles into the camera.	Kids hugging.	contradiction
Two young boys wearing shorts play outside while a police officer watches. Three little boys playing in a hallway as a man in a blue shirt watches. The young boy with the blue shorts is stretching. Man watching child in hallway.	Children standing.	entailment
Five girls dressed in white shirts and plaid skirts stand on a path in a grassy area next to a body of water while a man in a hat sits in the background. Five girls wearing school uniforms walk around on a flat rock near a lake as a man in the background sits on the shore. Girls in uniforms gather near the shore of a body of water. A few uniformed schoolgirls joke around next to a lake.	A child looking at child.	neutral
A man wearing a black leather jacket is riding a red motorcycle. A man wearing a helmet rides a bright red motorcycle in traffic. A man sitting on a red motorcycle. A man on a red motorcycle.	A man on a red bike drives.	entailment
A group of protesters in the street waving signs as well as a red flag and a white balloon. A man in a blue outfit decides to grab his private areas in the middle of a protest. Man standing on car grabbing his crotch with a group of protesters. A man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration.	A man jumping around.	contradiction
Two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor. The little boy is holding his toy while two women look at him from the table. Two women at a table and child playing on the floor A little boy shows off his suitcase full of toys.	Women visiting.	neutral
A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team. A basketball player attempting to control the ball near the basket rim. Two teams playing basketball on a court in a stadium. A basketball player is scoring a basket.	Men jump.	entailment
Two babies asleep in a highchair, one baby wearing blue and the other wearing red. Two babies are asleep in messy highchairs in front of CD shelves. Two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs. Two babies are asleep in highchairs.	A baby cries.	contradiction
A race car driver is trying to block the champagne from getting in his face after a win while the other driver is spraying him with the champagne. Two race car drivers smile on a stage next to a female spokes model wearing a white dress and white and blue boots. A racer celebrates his victory by holding his trophy and being showered by champagne. Two race car drivers and a beautiful girl are promoting an alcoholic beverage	A girl standing.	entailment
A man, appearing Mexican or Peruvian, is astride a horse, smiling beneath his western hat. A Spanish guy on horseback standing on dirt road with a bunch of trees in the background. A smiling man on a horse in front of brush and woods. A happy man wearing a hat sits on his horse.	A man riding a brown animal.	entailment
A guy with long hair and sunglasses is asleep in his with his head tilted towards the window. A man in sunglasses enjoys a midday nap in the car. A male with glasses sleeping in a car. A man with curly hair is sleeping.	A man golfing.	contradiction
People with umbrellas standing in front of a house decorated for Christmas with trees, lights, and a biblical scene on a wall. A nice outside nativity scene being viewed by people driving and walking by. A celebration of Christmas lights behind a chain link fence. People with umbrellas observe a nighttime nativity scene.	Men looking at each other.	contradiction
A man with a dog and a woman carrying something blue in a clear plastic bag, standing on a city street. A woman holding a grocery bag is standing next to a man holding a grocery bag and a dog on a leash. A man smoking and holding the leash to a dog is standing next to a woman wearing sunglasses. A man smoking a cigarette is walking his dog next to a lady wearing a blue striped jacket.	Pedestrians waiting.	entailment
A small cow is herded by two individuals on horseback. A man and a boy on horses attempting to rope a cow. Two horsemen are chasing a cow around the lot. People attempting to rope cattle.	Two men sleeping on each other.	contradiction
Women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing. A man wearing black, speaks into a microphone, while a woman writes. A lady speaking in a microphone and another taking notes. Two women are sitting at a table with a microphone.	Lady talks.	entailment
A man is walking on sand with a fishing rod and a fish he caught, while four people surround a jet ski in the water behind him. Four people stand in the water looking at a jet ski, while a man fishes nearby. A man is fishing on the beach while four people are nearby with a jet ski. A man holding a fishing rod stands nearby four men with a jet ski.	A woman stands in front of a group.	contradiction
An Asian boy in glasses and a yellow shirt holds a blue bag while standing between two parking spaces on the street. A boy with glasses wearing a bright yellow shirt is standing in a parking lot. Asian teen male in yellow shirt and black shorts stands on roadway. An Asian kid standing, waiting with his bags.	Man standing.	contradiction
A child in white shorts and a blue shirt is standing in the street. A boy in shorts stands, arms outstretched, on a roadway. A young boy wearing a hat dancing in the street A child cavorts on the road.	Boys singing.	contradiction
A man in a baseball cap is playing a shooting game in an arcade with a friend. A man plays a shooting game at an arcade as another man and a woman watch. Two guys are playing a shooting video game while two girls watch. Two young men competing in an arcade shooting game	A man relaxing.	contradiction
These young ladies are sitting comfortable discussing their food or talking about the woman. Two young ladies talking and eating on a public bench. Two girls are eating on a bench. Two youths eating on a bench.	A white woman walks.	contradiction
A man wrapped up in a white mask, glasses, and a hat is working with a tool on a metal plate. A man in glasses and a dust mask makes chains under a sign reading " laut jaya. " A person wearing a blue shirt and white hat works on a manhole cover. A man in a blue t-shirt and a face-mask works with hooks.	A man squatting on the ground.	neutral
A man and a couple of women preparing a yellow vehicle with supplies to take to a destination. Outside a rundown building, three people load a yellow car, piling objects high on the roof. This appears to be a family who is evacuating or leaving their residence. A man hoisting goods on a small car.	Two men are outside.	contradiction
The skin of this woman shows her hard working life as she stands waiting for a walk sign. A woman facing away from the camera stands on a city street. Woman with unusual hair design beside the street. The back of a woman 's head.	Explorer standing.	contradiction
An Asian man dressed warmly by his car with a display of other cold weather items he has for sale. A man bundled up in a coat displaying with his arms a bunch of clothes. A gloved man palms forward in front of arranged clothes. A man show cases some clothes while wearing blue shoes.	A man breaking a glass.	contradiction
Three dogs look on as two dogs attack a third dog in the streets. A pack of dogs roughhousing by a car on a dirty street. Several dogs brawl in an alley near a silver car. A pack of dogs fighting near a car in an alley.	A motorcyclist standing.	contradiction
A man is drinking a beer with two young children who are drinking water on his lap. A man and two children all enjoying a drink; water, soda and beer. Two toddlers and a younger man enjoy their bottles. A man and two children take a drink.	A child carries a girl.	contradiction
Old man in a light blue shirt and jeans works on wood carving in a workshop surrounded by other projects. A man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies. A man creating a piece of art made of wood A wood craftsman working at his bench.	A man working on a sand sculpture.	contradiction
Two jockeys lead their horses over an obstacle during a race. A Jockey riding the # 4 horse is jumping over the hedge. Two men are competing in a horse race. Two people race their horses.	Riders jumping over a barrier.	entailment
Person surfing on a white surfboard. A surfer rides on a very rough wave. A surfer is riding numerous waves. A surfer on a roiling wave.	A man with a shirt is surfing.	entailment
A man and a couple of women preparing a yellow vehicle with supplies to take to a destination. Outside a rundown building, three people load a yellow car, piling objects high on the roof. This appears to be a family who is evacuating or leaving their residence. A man hoisting goods on a small car.	Men dangling their legs.	contradiction
An elderly woman gingerly caressing a baby and holding him softly to soothe the baby. A woman wearing a yellow shirt holding a baby wearing blue and white striped shirt. This grand mother is carrying this baby for her daughter. An older woman is holding a baby.	A woman smiles.	neutral
There are a lot of people crowded around a blue sign. A group of people gather around a truck. A group of people are gathered together. A large group of people are gathered.	A crowd standing.	entailment
A cowboy wearing a green short sits on top of the white calf he just roped at the rodeo. A man in a green shirt and a cowboy hat is wrangling a bull as the audience looks on. A rodeo competition where the contest is roping calves. A man in a green shirt roping a calf in a rodeo arena.	Spectators watch.	entailment
A young boy in a sports uniform stands in front of a group of children. A boy in a yellow soccer uniform is standing on the soccer field. A distracted little boy waiting for his soccer game to begin. A young boy dressed in sporting gear is standing on a field.	A boy posing.	neutral
A person is driving an all-terrain vehicle through a muddy course. A man driving a sport ATV at high speeds around a dirt track A person in a racing outfit about to get on a quad. Man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack.	Racers driving.	entailment
These two parents are enjoying time out of their house with their new baby boy. A couple strolling a baby down the street together. A brown-haired woman is pushing a baby stroller. Couple taking baby for a walk in a stroller.	Men holding a guy.	contradiction
A person wearing a yellow swim cap and blue goggles is swimming in a lane. A swimmer is swimming hard in order to win the race. A competitive swimmer in a pool of water. An athlete swimming during a swim meet.	A woman sitting next to another woman.	contradiction
A woman wearing a purple dress and black boots walks through a crowd drinking from a glass bottle. A group of women walk through a crowd on the street, carrying beers. Three women walking through a large crowd of people on the street. A woman in a purple dress is walking through a crowd.	A woman holding a beverage.	entailment
A man with a black cap and blue shirt holding a young girl in a white sweater. An Asian man with a black hat is holding a small Asian girl in her arms. The man with the black hat is holding the little girl. A Chinese man holding a Chinese little girl.	A girl looking up.	neutral
A bird with blue and white feathers and a long pointy beak is flying through the air. A white bird flies against the backdrop of green foliage. A long-beaked bird in mid-flight. A white bird flying over trees	An animal following.	neutral
A girl in a blue and purple dress is hanging on a railing near a street while holding candy. A little girl in a colorful dress and black boots holds a lollipop and plays near a fence. A young girl wearing black boots holds onto the fence and has a lollipop. Little girl wearing dress and boots holding lollipop and fence	A child holding a lollipop.	entailment
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera. A brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt. One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away. A yellow dog jumps to greet a woman.	A black and tan dog walking.	neutral
A man in glasses and a helmet " extreme bicycling " for exercise. A man in a red jacket is bicycling down the road. A white man in a red shirt riding a bike. A man in red biking in a neighborhood.	A cyclist biking down a street.	entailment
A woman wearing a gray shirt and white shorts is playing golf in a golf area that is attractively landscaped with flowers. A woman wearing a T-shirt, shorts, and sandals, is miniature golfing in front of flowers and a walkway. The lady is playing miniature golf with beautiful flowers in the background. Girl playing mini golf with flowers in the background.	A woman putts the ball.	entailment
A man is carving a strangely-shaped figure out of stone using a long-rodded tool. A man in a brown jacket is carving stone with a hammer and chisel. A man is using a hammer and chisel to make sculptures. An older gentleman carving granite with a chisel.	Two men talking to a man.	contradiction
A brown and white dog is running through the river. A dog runs through a creek and splashes water. A dog runs through the water. A dog emerging from a lake.	A dog jumping.	contradiction
A professional cameraman on the sidelines of a sporting field is filming. A cameraman is pointing his camera and filming. A man records as they prepare for a big game. A cameraman is working at a sporting event.	Men prepare food while standing.	contradiction
A girl in pigtails splashes in the shallow water. A young girl in pigtails plays in the water. A girl with pigtails plays in the water. A girls plays in the surf.	A child playing in the ocean.	entailment
A group of young girls all dressed in blue shirts with black pants are standing around in a music room. A group of young girls wearing blue tops and black skirts standing behind blue music stands. A group of young female musicians are wearing black skirts and blue shirts. A group of children prepare to perform.	A group gathered.	entailment
A bunch of people with little white hats are sitting in a park. A group of worshipers hold their services in a public park. Crowd at a park in India waiting for an event to start. A gathering of Muslim men sitting in rows.	A group cheering.	neutral
A baker looks at the camera while leaning on his spatula at the oven door. A man is sitting next to a pizza oven. A man taking a pizza out of an oven A man making fire roasted pizza.	A man helping an older man.	contradiction
A man wearing headphones and a checkered shirt with tan jacket reaches inside his jacket while crossing a busy street. A man wearing a black baseball cap and headphones reaches into his shirt pocket. A man is oblivious to the crowds behind him at the Pennsylvania train station. A man wearing headphones is standing in the street.	A man in a hat walking across the road.	entailment
A man rides a bicycle on a rocky path beside a lake in the mountains. A man rides a bicycle on a rocky trail along a large river. A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake. A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man sitting on a hill.	contradiction
A small group of people of observe the wilderness during the daytime. Four people are in a wooded area on some rocks. There are four people sitting out in the woods. Four people are in the woods taking a hike.	An older couple sitting.	neutral
A brown and white dog, wearing a collar, is moving through some water. A brown and white dog with a collar wading in a river. A dog swims through the water. A dog is in the water.	A conductor standing.	contradiction
A small brass band performs on stage for a large audience with a department flag on one side of the stage and an America flag on the other side. A school band performing in front of a crowded park surrounded by trees. The orchestra plays for the crowd beneath the lush greenery. A group of musicians play outside in front of a large crowd.	A man sits at a work station.	contradiction
Two dogs in the middle of a heavily wooded forest A brown dog smelling a gray dog 's tail. Two dogs are smelling each other. Two dogs standing in the woods.	Two medium sized dogs.	entailment
A large group of dogs walking in a body of water. A group of dogs standing in a river. There are six dogs in the water Six dogs swimming in a river.	Dogs playing on carpet.	contradiction
A person with long hair pushes a young girl with pigtails in a stroller. A woman walking in front a big poster with a toddler in a stroller. A woman pushes a kid in a stroller alongside a large trailer. A woman and her child walking to a destination.	A woman running.	contradiction
Seven men sit cross-legged on a roof amid construction material. A group of men are sitting down on the ground together. A group of men sitting on the roof of a building. A group of men sit in a circle on a rooftop.	Group seated.	entailment
A man standing in front of a shop that is closed wearing a bag and eating a yellow Popsicle talking on his cellphone. A man in a gray shirt stands outside of a storefront while eating a snack and listening to his cellphone. Man in a gray shirt and black pants standing in front of a storefront. A man in a gray shirt is talking on a cellphone and eating.	A man eating an ice cream cone.	contradiction
A crowd of people containing some people who are smiling and some who are taking photographs. A photographer taking a picture while surrounded by people A man with a camera aimed at a singer in a green jacket. A crowd of people with one man taking a photo.	A crowd watching an event.	neutral
Two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen. Two teen girls are looking at a small electronic device while wearing winter coats. Two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone. Two young girls huddle to look at a cellphone.	Two women pose for a picture.	entailment
A priest is speaking into a microphone within a church, arms open wide. Father addressing people in a church Religious leader holding hands out. A priest leads mass to his parish.	A middle-aged man speaking.	entailment
The two young women are laughing outdoors by a tree trunk. Two schoolgirls peeking around a tree, and laughing. Two girls lean around a tree, laughing. Two girls next to a mossy tree.	Girls posing.	neutral
Several people are standing or walking down a busy sidewalk. A woman talking on her cellphone on a busy city street. A few women and children are on a sidewalk. A woman asking for directions in the city.	A parent talks on her phone.	entailment
A man interacting with his daughter at a shopping center. A Chinese family are shopping in the mall together. Asian families taking a break from life. Two kids with adults at a table.	Children looking at each other.	contradiction
At a laundromat a woman rummages through her purse while customers wash clothes in the background. A woman at the laundry mat is looking for something in her black leather purse. Women at a counter in a laundry mat looking at through her purse. A woman in a laundry mat is looking at something in her purse.	A woman stands.	entailment
A city street is busy with people as one person walks across the crosswalk. A man crosses the street next to a light rail station. A man crossing an intersection and others are walking Man walking in the street under green lights	A woman crossing a road.	contradiction
A woman with a microphone and a man with a laptop stand behind a table. They prepared to make the announcement. A man and a woman holding microphones. A woman about to give a speech.	A man using a computer.	entailment
Three men with hard hats in front of a large hole in the ground. Four workmen removing debris, from a hole in the ground. The workers are surrounding a hole with a bucket. Several workers wearing hard hats dig a hole.	A construction worker working on a project.	entailment
A cowboy is desperately grasping too the reigns off a horse that is trying to buck him off at a rodeo. Rodeo rider in cowboy clothing being bucked while riding a horse. A cowboy rides a Bronco during a rodeo competition. A young competitor is bronc riding at a rodeo.	A man wrangling an animal in a rodeo.	entailment
Two men sitting in a living room, one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts, contemplating on their bike and moped. Three men sitting in a room looking at their one motorbike and one pedal bike. Three people sitting in a room with a bike and a scooter. Two men sit in a room with their bicycles.	Women are drinking coffee.	contradiction
A man rides a skateboard up a sloped concrete surface and into the air. A skateboarder jumping on a wall with a mountain in the background A skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp. A guy getting some air on a skateboard	Some skaters racing.	neutral
Two little girls in summer clothes are washing a brown dog. Two young blond girls are washing a golden retriever. Two young girls bathing a golden retriever outside. A dog is being washed by two little girls.	Children giving a dog a bath.	entailment
There is a view of the beach with a person with a fruit basket hat in the foreground. Two woven chairs in the side, and behind them is the vast ocean. A person balance a basket on their head on a beach. A person with fruit on their head is on the beach.	Someone walks.	entailment
A lady playing a cello wearing a gold skirt with a green tuba player in front of her. A woman plays the tuba and another plays the cello on the street. Two women walk through the streets playing a tuba and a cello. An Irish Band plays down a road somewhere.	A woman holding an item.	entailment
One guy wearing black shirt sitting at table working on computer project. A man with a black shirt is repairing a laptop. Asian man with black t-shirt works on a laptop. This man is working on the circuit board.	A man using a bike.	contradiction
Two officers ride their horses down a street bordering a green and yellow park. Two officers are riding horses in the city near some trees and flowers. Policemen riding horses while patrolling the streets. Two men are riding on horses through the street.	A man sticking out his hand.	contradiction
Two men, one wearing white another wearing green, playing basketball in a school arena while a ref watches. Two men playing basketball on a wooden court with a referee standing behind them. Two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball. Two boys playing basketball was the referee looks on.	A referee points.	neutral
A group of four young men and one young woman holding spray paint cans and smiling next to their artwork. A group of men and a woman are standing with spray paint cans. A group of young adults spray paint large art boards. Five youngsters making graffiti.	A farmer stands.	contradiction
A man is taking a picture of a woman standing on a stone block. The man in the yellow and gray jacket is taking a picture. A man wearing a winter jacket is taking a picture. A man in black cap is taking photo.	A man carrying a red bag.	neutral
Two people and their luggage traveling and snoozing on the train. Two people on the subway are sleeping in the corner. A homeless person is sleeping on the subway. An older woman sleeps on the subway.	Two elderly women sit.	neutral
There is a woman in a sexy cop 's uniform and a guy dressed as a prisoner, standing outdoors. A man dresses as a prisoner and a woman dressed as a cop on a sidewalk. A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer. Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.	A woman hula hoops.	contradiction
Man and women on motorized scooter together (in focus) driving on bridge with background blurred. A lady is riding down the road on a motorcycle with a person with a white helmet. A man and a woman are zipping down the street on their motor scooter. A man and woman are riding a motor scooter.	A man rides a bike on a highway.	neutral
People cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp A person jumping off a ramp on a bike over a crowd. People cheer as a man rides a BMX bike in midair A topless guy jumping a ramp on a bike.	A group poses for a photo.	contradiction
A white man with black clothing stands near the edge of a sidewalk with a bunch of people standing or walking around behind him. A man in a crowd appears in a city scene wearing a mostly black outfit with a graphic picture on his shirt. A gray-haired man wearing all black is standing on the corner of a busy street. A man dressed all in black, standing next to a curb.	A man rollerblading.	contradiction
Male vendors are selling fruit in an outside market near a heavily-trafficked street. A fruit stand run by two men in front of a large amount of vehicles. Three men are gathered around a fruit stand. This fruit market is not busy yet.	Some men standing.	entailment
A man wearing a black baseball cap and holding a white sweatshirt is near a white Acura. The young man with a white sweatshirt walks away from the white Acura vehicle. A man holding a white sweatshirt stands next to a white car. A man walking on the sidewalk holding a white sweater.	A man waits to cross a street.	contradiction
A young man jumping his skateboard in a skate park with the ocean and a beach in the background. A man in a green sheet is in midair on a green-wheeled skateboard at a skateboard park. A man wearing a yellow shirt and a fedora skateboarding in a concrete skate park. A man at a skate park is doing an ollie out of a bowl near a beach.	A man is petting a dog.	contradiction
A solitary guitar player with dreadlocks sings into a microphone on stage. A person playing a guitar while singing into a microphone. Person on stage singing and playing a guitar. A singer playing his guitar on stage.	A woman singing and playing an instrument.	neutral
A woman in a white hat and a red and white striped shirt sitting on a wall. A woman in a red and white striped shirt is sitting down. Lady in red resting on a wall while people walk by her. A woman in a red shirt sits by a fountain.	Women discussing.	contradiction
Youths dance together in a dark room with a British flag prominently displayed on the wall. A dozen people at a house party in a living room decorated with a British flag. People dancing in a room with a British flag hanging on the wall. Several people are dancing and partying together.	A conductor standing.	contradiction
A man in khaki pants and a hat, and a blue jacket, camps in the woods. A man camps outside with a tent and necessary camping gear. A man preparing a meal while camping. A man wearing a cap peeling a banana.	A man is hiking.	entailment
Multiple bicyclists wearing different colored shirts and helmets riding around a track. A group of people in colored outfits ride bikes around a track. Bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits. A group of cyclers race around a track.	Three cyclists racing.	entailment
Lady in dark top, print skirt, red socks and shoes walking. A woman stands in the middle of a brick road. A woman with orange shoes stops in a square. Woman in long skirt in a town square.	Lady digging.	contradiction
A person collecting beer bottles, at what looks like a pro fight, while wearing a British flag. A person wearing sunglasses, a visor, and a British flag is carrying 6 Heineken bottles. A person wearing the UK flag is carrying Heineken bottles. Someone, wearing a flag as a cape, is carrying 6 beers.	A woman holding bottles.	neutral
Two men are jumping off of a picnic table, with a rock wall and forest in the background. Two men are in mid jump and they are both wearing long-sleeve shirts. Two grown men jumping off a wooden picnic table in a wooded area. Two men in midair after jumping off a picnic table.	Men sitting.	contradiction
The girl in blue shorts is sitting on a broken tree stump. A girl is sitting on a log in the middle of some trees. A young girl sits on a tree stump in the woods. The girl is sitting in the woods.	A child squats.	contradiction
A man holds a yellow " Thanks Fox " sign while other protesters picket with him. Male picket holders protesting Immigration outside of a building. People with anti-immigration signs. People protesting immigration.	Some men stand.	entailment
A groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist. A married couple pose for pictures on a grassy hillside on a cloudy day. A young couple, in wedding attire, standing at the top of a knoll. A groom and his bride on a beautiful hill.	A man and women standing.	entailment
People gather around a table with many red, white, and blue decorations around in the spacious tent. A group of people sitting in white plastic chairs are having a picnic. A group of people sits at a picnic table in a white tent. Friends or family joined together at a barbecue.	A group having a conversation.	entailment
A band called the Sun Chasers are playing their instruments, with a case opened next to them for donations. A seven person called the sun chasers is playing outside with a sign asking for donations. A group of male musicians are playing instruments including guitar and drums. The Sun Chasers band having a street performance.	A man helping another man climb.	contradiction
Colorfully dressed man dancing in the streets, while balancing something on his head. A man dressed in festive colors with a vase on his head smiles and dances. A street performer, in a color costume performs on the street. A person with a jar balanced on top of their head.	Two men standing.	neutral
A man wearing a cowboy hat and black vest rides a horse in front of spectators. A cowboy rides a brown horse in a rodeo with 8 minutes remaining on the clock. A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo with 8 seconds on the clock. A man riding a horse, competing to be number 1.	A man riding an animal in an arena.	entailment
A person sitting on tan bench and man in green shirt standing on black and gray floor. Top-down view of a man sitting on a bench inside with a standing man facing him. A man is sitting on a bench facing another man who is standing. A man sits on a bench while another man walks toward him.	Two men standing talking.	contradiction
A light brown dog jumps over a hurdle indoors. Large brown dog jumps over a low rail. A brown dog jumping over a pole. A dog jumping a pole.	Dog leaping over a bar.	entailment
A man embraces a woman as they look over the railing out over the water at a ship. Couple overlooking a metal rail with water and a boat in the background. The couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean. A couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water.	A couple holds each other.	entailment
Young African-American girl in a red bathing suit at the edge of the pool. A girl with dreadlocks standing in a pool A small black girl in a bathing suit A young girl in a pool.	Several kids standing.	contradiction
A man in a blue hat, blue jacket, and purple gloves, looks up at a giant piece of steel he is working on. Guy in blue jacket and hat standing in front of some type of machinery while staring up with a big smile. An engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up. A man is standing in front of a large gear.	Some men do a dance.	contradiction
A man in a dress shirt and tie is smiling and holding in his hands a pair of sunglasses and some sort of paper. A man wearing a white collared shirt with a tie is holding sunglasses and a piece of paper. A man with sunglasses walking in a park. A man in a tie standing outside.	Men, women and children standing.	contradiction
A boy in a black shirt and red wristbands hanging upside down while other people look on. A man hangs upside down in a busy park as three people are clearly seen looking at him. An upside down man in a black shirt with red wristbands. A man is upside down in the air.	A man shaves.	contradiction
A lady wearing a navy blue stripe tank top cargo pants has a yellow glow of on her left hand holding a long stick getting ready to burn glass in front of an incinerator Lady with her hair up in a bun, in a tank top and khakis looking at a bright light. A girl working blowing glass into an image. A woman kneels in front of a fire.	A man and a girl sitting on a bench.	contradiction
A little boy with an orange shirt is riding his blue and white toy car. A toddler boy is riding a push car designed as a police car in a home. A small child on a blue toy is wearing an orange shirt. The boy is riding on a toy truck.	A child sitting.	entailment
A helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road. A dirt bike rider is midair while on a trail. Man performing a trick on a bicycle outside. A man does a bike trick on a dirt path.	Man jumping off a surfboard.	contradiction
Man men in white jackets with the number " 3 " on the back and black pants face away from the camera on a raised platform while a crowd gathers behind them. A large group of teenagers standing around some are wearing uniform other are dress in their regular clothes. A group of school children looking at a group of men wearing white shirts A bunch of people are standing around behind soccer players.	A team standing.	entailment
The player wearing the black and white jersey jumps for the ball amidst two players from the other team as his two teammates run to help him. Three rugby players all trying to catch a ball. Five young men playing rugby. Five men play football.	Some men lean over.	neutral
A young, smiling woman takes a picture of her friends as one waves to the people below them. Young women enjoying the view from the bridge at local festival. Group of tourist 's mostly women having fun on a bridge. A family of six enjoying their time out being silly.	Tourist poses for a photo.	entailment
Seven people are standing together in a fenced area, separated into two groups, with the adults standing in one group and young people standing in the other. A group of teens and a group of adult men talk amongst themselves in an outdoor area. Several people are standing in a fenced in area. A group of men hanging out together.	Some men having a conversation.	entailment
A group of people stand on the porch of a house while a dog is being pet by a girl. A group of people is standing on a porch, and one of them is petting a yellow dog. Young teens are gathered on a porch around a dog on a cool day. A group of teenagers hanging out on a front porch.	A group shopping.	contradiction
The sailor wearing his white uniform and cap with his arms folded standing in front of the ship as two men with blue coats are talking A sailor stands at the entrance of a historical wooden ship talking to two men. Sailors stand at the top of a gangplank to a large boat. A group of seamen talking in front of a boat.	Older men having a discussion.	entailment
A person in a gray jacket with a black messenger back looks over the nearby river and bridge. A person with a blue jacket and a black hat is looking at a blue bridge over the river. A man with a blue jacket and a duffel bag is facing the water 's edge. Man walks along a river bed approaching a bridge.	A guy juggling.	contradiction
A young male with a yellow shirt and black pants having his arms restrained behind his head by another man, with three other people standing in front of him. Cop wrestle one man with his hand sticking up in the air as other cops watch. A man in a white shirt is detained by police at night. Police are taking away a drunk looking man.	A man walking past another man.	neutral
Four men in blue soccer uniforms on a soccer field, where one is holding a ball and listening to a man in a black outfit. Soccer players out on the field dressed in blue getting cues from the ref dressed in black. A soccer referee points as he directs a soccer player in blue during a soccer game. A referee pointing while a soccer player looks on.	Players stand.	entailment
The skater throws his arms into the air as he skids down the concrete wall. A rollerblader skates down a ramp with his arms in the air. A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall. A guy on a skateboard about to do a trick	A kid skateboards.	entailment
University students listening to their professor speaking. Men and women listen to a speaker in an auditorium. Rows of adults taking in a lecture in a classroom. Students are inside of a lecture hall.	Students sitting.	entailment
A shirtless man in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water. A fisherman in a red baseball cap pulling a net out of murky brown water. A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught. A shirtless man in a red ball cap pulls fabric out of water.	A guy standing.	entailment
Two men are in intent conversation while a third looks on in what appears to be a bar. There are three men having a conversation at a social place. Three men are together at a bar. Three men are sitting in a bar.	A man stands beneath a sign.	contradiction
A man in a purple shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is pulling a funny face. A man in a purple shirt looking at a man in a black shirt making a silly face. Man making kissing face for the camera, while another man looks on. A man watching another man do a kissing pose	Two men sit.	entailment
A woman is playing on a banjo while two boys are playing other instruments. Young children playing homemade instruments. Young African people drum in the streets. Children are playing music outside.	A girl singing.	neutral
A worker is working on a tall part of a brick building. Two people work on a brick chimney on a roof. A man working on a concrete building. A worker repairs brick on a chimney.	A brunette standing.	contradiction
A person wearing dark blue and holding a bright red umbrella is reflected in the rainy pavement. A stout gentleman does not know how to use his umbrella. Person with red umbrella walks across a wet sidewalk. Person walking with umbrella in the rain.	A man holds up a man.	contradiction
A little boy in red walks in between branches in a tree. A child in a red shirt climbs on play equipment. A boy in a red shirt walking on tree branches. A boy climbing through branches.	Some girls standing.	contradiction
The brown dog with a superman shirt on sleeps on a blue blanket. A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket. A brown dog is laying down whilst wearing a superman shirt. A dog in a " superman " shirt sleeps on a blanket.	A dog lying down.	entailment
A group of women in red and white costumes are performing a dance number outside. A group of dancers are performing with matching outfits. Several dancers in candy cane dresses dancing. A group of women wearing costumes are dancing.	Girls performing routine.	entailment
A young man in a backward baseball cap is standing on a skateboard leaning backward, putting his weight on one foot, on a blue block of concrete. A young man with a backwards hat is doing a skateboarding trick in front of a green field. A young male practicing tricks with his skateboard on a cement curb. Skateboarder with hat backwards perched on low wall.	Guys rocking.	contradiction
A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park. A skateboarder executes a jump in a skate park. A person skateboarding at a skate park. A child doing a jump on a skateboard	A skater doing a jump.	entailment
A group of people are eating together outside in the park. A group of people eating on a picnic table at a park. The girls gathered for a summer barbecue. A group of women are eating on a terrace.	Guy rollerskating.	contradiction
This is an all male drum and bagpipe band enjoying their music on a paved area in front of a blue tent. Men in Scottish garb walk down the street, three playing drums and another playing the bagpipes. Five people in tartan kilts play drums and a bagpipe in what appears to be a parade. A street band of males playing drums.	Men with instruments stand.	entailment
Six men are sitting or laying on a patch of earth in a wooded area. A group of men are sitting in the farm fields taking a break Six men sit in a field of crops containing wooden crates. Pickers working out on a farm.	Some cowboys sitting.	entailment
A woman is sitting in a dark place, with one hand on one shoulder, and the other holding a martini glass. A tattooed woman in a black dress holds a drink while sitting at a table in a dimly-lit room. This tattooed woman stares off into the distance as she sips her drink. A woman with black hair holds a martini glass at a table with a lamp.	A woman rises.	neutral
The dog takes a leap on the beach to retrieve an unknown item. A white and brown dog is playing in the dirt with a toy. A small, wet dog leaps to catch a stick. A wet dog catches seaweed in his mouth.	A dog jumping.	entailment
A man being carried by a group of other men, people looking on behind a barrier. A group of runners carry an injured runner out of a race. The injured athlete is being carried by several people. A crowd of people walk.	Spectators watch.	entailment
A guy midair on a bike in a grassy area with a blue tent in the background as well as a semi cloudy blue sky. A man is midair performing a trick on his bike against a cloudy blue sky. A man is performing tricks with his superbike. A bike rider is doing performance tricks.	Man jumping into the air.	entailment
With majestic pride the horse soars over the miniature barn as the rider holds on. A person on a large gray horse jumping over a miniature house with a red roof. A white horse jumping over a hurdle that looks like a small barn. A woman and a horse are jumping over a miniature building.	An animal leaps.	entailment
Small boy dancing in a water sprinkler near a building. A young shirtless boy is playing in water. A topless child playing in falling water. Boy playing in water coming off fountain.	A child standing in grass.	entailment
A young blond girl and a woman are looking at animals with white fur. Two females are standing next to animals. Persons are taking care of some animal. A radio hanging from the ceiling.	Women tend to animals.	entailment
A man and a woman standing on a sidewalk in between buildings. A man and a woman are standing next to old houses and water. A couple standing in an ally way near the water. Two people standing outside some buildings.	Couple having beverages.	contradiction
Men and women at a formal function when a woman in a white dress is carrying a bouquet of red flowers. A woman in a white dress holding a bunch of red flowers. Woman in a wedding dress holding red flowers. A bride questioning her future marriage.	A man walks in the background.	contradiction
Two men and two women in business attire sit on a bench on public transportation looking down at a book, magazine, and iPad. A well dressed woman and two men sit next to each other on a bench whilst reading. A man looks at an iPad on a subway, while a beautiful woman reads a book. A man biting his nails in a subway while using an iPad.	A woman passing time.	entailment
A brown dog bolts towards the camera, with his tongue out and mouth open. A brown dog runs over a dirt and grass background. A dog with its tongue out of its mouth. A dog running towards the camera	A dog running along a path.	entailment
A miniature breed dog is running in a straw strewn field. The little dog with big ears is in the field. Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field. A small dog is standing in a field.	Black dog runs.	neutral
A man stands inside the door of his truck with a clipboard in hand, smiling at the camera, as a crowd gathers at a function behind him. A fireman in uniform with a mustache and goatee by his firetruck. A smiling fireman pauses in his work to pose for a camera. A very joyous fireman or emergency medical worker.	Many customers standing.	contradiction
A woman in a pink overcoat is looking surprised while talking to someone in a purple coat, on the streets in front of Vitamin Shoppe. A woman wearing a bright pink overcoat makes a face to a woman wearing a purple overcoat while standing outside a Vitamin Shoppe. There is a lady in a pink coat standing on street with a comical surprised look on her face. Woman with a surprised face in front of a Vitamin Shoppe	Women having a conversation.	entailment
A young boy in a red shirt and his older friend are heading down a heavily-wooded trail. A man and a much younger boy, both wearing hats, taking a stroll through nature. Two children walk down a path into the woods. Man and child in hats walk on a dirt trail.	Boys goofing.	neutral
A woman in a red shirt and a brown skirt is watching a group of children in a pool. Children playing in an outdoor pool as a woman watches from the side. A woman watches children swimming in a public pool. People swimming in a public pool.	A group relaxing.	neutral
A group of four men and one woman talking in front of a room filled with tables and chairs. A group of people stand around talking with drinks in their hands. People gathering outside of a conference or dinner room. People with drinks gather in a room.	A man listens.	entailment
A woman makes a gesture with her hands while sitting at a cafe. A woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee. A woman enjoying coffee at a cafe. A woman sits in a cafe at night.	A woman with dark hair and glasses sits.	entailment
An Asian woman appears to be very happy to have something to eat, but her nice clothes seem to show that she is financially doing well. A lady is smiling while sitting in front of Whole Foods and holding a food item. An Asian woman is sitting in front of a market, holding a Tupperware container. A woman is holding some food outside and smiling.	Some women having fun.	entailment
Many pigeons are crowded around the feet of a woman in a blue tank-top and ripped, blue jeans. A young brunette stands among a flock of pigeons. A girl in a green tank top is feeding pigeons. A young woman feeds birds.	A child feeding animals in a park.	entailment
A rugby player wearing white short and shirt being tackled by another player wearing blue shorts and trunks; a teammate of he player being tackled is coming up behind the tackled player. A rugby player wearing a white and red jersey is running the ball and is currently being tackled by an opposing player wearing a blue jersey. Three men are playing rugby, one man is attempting to tackle the man on the opposite team who is holding the ball. A rugby player in a white and red jersey shakes a tackle from a member of the opposing blue team.	A soccer player catches the ball.	entailment
A large, yellow construction vehicle is sitting atop a snowy landscape. Two men are looking at the front of a snow shoveling machine. Two men are standing outside of a yellow snow plow machine. Two guys in the snow work on a snowmobile.	Men look at a piece of machinery.	entailment
People are dancing on a checkered platform while people are watching Two men dancing on a checkerboard in front of a crowd Many people are watching street performers dancing. Two men breakdancing, with a crowd looking on.	A man getting a piercing.	contradiction
Two men wearing tool belts and two other unidentified individuals stand in a small unfinished room with two doors, with two of them holding ladders. A group of young men are carrying ladders and wearing tool pouches as they work on a house project. A man wearing a red hat while holding a ladder with a man in a brown hat looking at him. A man about to carry a small stool through a door.	Some men waiting.	neutral
A woman is excited and about to pop a bottle of wine as a young boy stands behind her looking quite anxious. A smiling woman is preparing to pop the cork of a wine bottle while other people watch. At a social gathering, a woman prepares to uncork a bottle of champagne. A smiling woman in red pops the cork of a bottle with a boy looking on.	Lady making a toast.	neutral
A biker leaps off a half-pipe littered with graffiti as onlookers watch. A cyclist airborne having jumped his bike off a graffiti covered ramp. A teenage boy on a bicycle is jumping off a ramp. A BMX rider launches off a quarterpipe.	A kid does a trick.	entailment
A little girl is sitting on the shoulder of a man wearing a black cap. The man is carrying a young girl with pigtails on his shoulders. A man in a black hat holds a small girl on his shoulders. The man carries a small girl on his shoulders.	A child riding on a man.	entailment
Three people sit in chairs on the grass facing each other, while three more people in the distance by some trees watch them. Three seated people eating and drinking near trees, with three people standing in the background. Three people sitting in lawn chairs, as three people look on in the background. A social gathering in the local park.	Groups having conversations.	entailment
Two children throw dead leaves into the air around them. Children are playing with leaves in the autumn. Children in coats playing in fall leaves. Children tossing dead leaves on lawn.	Children going for a walk.	contradiction
An Asian bride in a red silk dress clutching a bouquet of red roses and an Asian groom in a blue silk robe are posing in a grassy field. A woman wearing red and a man wearing blue pose for a picture in a grassy meadow with trees behind them. A woman in a red dress and a man in a blue dress pose together for a picture. An ethnic couple poses for a photograph during their marriage ceremony.	Doctors stand.	contradiction
A middle-aged man is getting his head completely shaved by another middle-aged man with hair. A man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man 's hair. A man in a gray shirt is trimming the hair of another man sitting down. A man using an electric razor shaves someone 's head.	A man smiles.	contradiction
Some Africans are shopping at an open air market for green vegetables. Many people are doing business at a farmer 's market. Black people talking in the marketplace. Customers shopping in a food kiosk.	A woman doing a kick.	contradiction
Two kids are looking up, one has no shirt and the other has on a white shirt with a stool on his head. An African child with a wooden stool on his head, and another African child behind him A young African child in a dirty white shirt holds a stool on his head. A young boy carrying a stool for a big event in his village.	A boy stands on a street corner.	neutral
A man performs a trick on a yellow bike in a skate park covered in graffiti. A lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp. The bicyclist has both wheels off the ground. A bicyclist doing a jump.	A biker doing a trick.	entailment
Protesters fight for the children 's rights. A group of protesters are carrying signs. A group of protesters are holding signs. A group of people protesting.	A group walking through town.	entailment
A boy in green shorts swims past a boy in black shorts in an outdoor pool. Two young boys swimming in a pool of green water. Two children swimming in green water. Two boys swim on a sunny day.	Two boys play in a fountain.	contradiction
Two young women wearing black headscarves and colorful skirts stand near a red door. Two young girls with headscarves stand near a door while one reads a book. Two girls stand up against a red wall. Girl stands reading a notebook.	A woman looks at the camera.	contradiction
Several people are picking through crops at an urban market. Two people cleaning greens in the sunset. Women are on business selling vegetables. Two Asians with green leafy vegetables.	People standing in a group.	neutral
Three ladies are performing a concert on a stage decorated with two big, artistic face drawings that look like suns behind them while three fans gather at center stage. Three girls sing and one girl plays the guitar on a stage in front of a small crowd. Three women singers are performing on stage with a sun logo in the background. Three women are singing, and being photographed.	A crowd watches.	entailment
A man in a green shirt and black hat is smoothing concrete. Two men in green and white cementing a patio in a yard. A man is smoothing freshly poured cement over a patio. A man in a green shirt smoothing wet concrete.	Men doing a construction.	entailment
A person wearing a black helmet rides a red bike through the woods. A BMX bike rider in a black and red uniform on a dirt bike. Dirt bike rider getting ready to start down the slope. A person on a BMX bike.	A child rides a pink bike.	contradiction
A motorcycle racer riding a yellow motorcycle with the number 33 is passing a green banner with the Kawasaki logo. There is a rider on a dirt bike in race gear on a paved track. A motocross biker rides mid-turn in the middle of a race. A man riding a dirt bike on a racetrack.	A group races each other.	entailment
A young African woman is staring at a camera, in front of a bunch of clay pots. A black girl looking blankly with vases in the background. Woman in yellow dress, surrounded by ceramic pots. The tribe making Large Pottery to sell to tourists.	A girl stands on two logs.	contradiction
A group of young men and women chat and observe the menu at a fancy restaurant. People sitting around a table with menus and wineglasses. Several people are at a restaurant looking at red menus. People talking in a restaurant	People gathered around a table for a meal.	entailment
A man is walking a dog with a pink, lacy collar while enjoying a beer with a friend. A man in a red baseball cap is leaning against a light pole. A man is leaning against a pole with his drink in his hand. Two men outside drink beers outside with their pet dog.	Tattooed man stands.	neutral
A man dressed in red plaid shirt crouches next to a sign that reads " Crooked Run ". A man in a red shirt posing next to a red canoe by a sign for Crooked Run Creek. A man is squatting in front of a canoe and kayak rental display. A man posed up at Blackwater Cypress swamp.	A man rests.	neutral
A man in a black shirt and black jeans and a little boy are taking a look inside a green truck 's engine while it is parked in a grass field with a gas tank in front of it. A male in a black shirt, and black pants, working on the engine of an old, green antique automobile, with a yellow gas canister sitting on the grass. A young man and a toddler look under the hood of an old-fashioned truck. A man and children work on the engine of an old truck.	Mom watches.	contradiction
Male musician playing an accordion wearing a leather jacket and hat on a boardwalk or pier. Gentleman playing an accordion on a boardwalk adjacent to boating docs. A man wearing black playing a red accordion while sitting. A man sits on a bridge by a river, playing the accordion.	A man pedalling.	contradiction
A diverse group of younger looking people seem to be waiting for a lecture to start. A group of young women and men sit together and some are eating. A group of people are seating inside an auditorium. People are socializing before a lecture.	Group seated.	entailment
A young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone, across stage from a guitar player. A blond girl singing into a microphone while a guitarist plays in the background. A blond woman in a pink striped shirt is singing in a microphone. The boy with the guitar is sitting on a stool.	Men playing on a beach.	contradiction
Eight oriental teenagers in red shirts are sitting on concrete bleachers. A group of people wearing red shirts are sitting on a stone bench. A group of Asian teenagers wearing red t-shirts sit on steps. Several young people in red shirts are sitting on steps.	A woman sits reading a newspaper.	contradiction
Two children, one boy and one girl, walking down a paved road holding a black umbrella. A young boy and girl walk down a road as the boy holds an umbrella over their heads. A small boy and girl walking down a country lane under an umbrella. A young boy shelters a girl with a black umbrella.	A girl walking down a street.	entailment
A black and brown dog is laying on a white shaggy carpet. A small dog shakes its head on a white shag carpet. A brown and black dog is laying on a shaggy rug. A small dog is sitting on white carpet.	A dog stirs.	entailment
A clown is holding up his right hand while talking to a little girl. A young girl stares up at a smiling clown. A little girl watches a clown. A child is looking at a clown.	A clown entertaining a child.	entailment
A girl in a blue dress and another girl in a purple dress, both smiling. Two young blond girls wearing formal dresses pose for a picture. Two girls who are playing dress-up hamming it up for the camera. Two blond girls in elaborate dresses are sitting on a couch.	Little blond girls sitting.	entailment
A man and a young boy are on a rock overlooking a lake populated with ducks. A man and a child both wearing winter hats are at the pond. A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond. A man and his son at the lake.	A man feeding birds.	neutral
Women with dark hair sitting and standing near a pile of trash. Women are standing around filled garbage bags on the street. A group of people are around a pile of garbage. People standing near trash bags outside.	A group of performers performs for a group.	contradiction
A bald man in a black jacket and black pants holding a microphone singing with a man in a black shirt and jeans playing an electric guitar on stage. A man with no hair is singing. Two men at a concert singing. Two musicians are performing.	The singer sings.	entailment
A man in a green sweater and jeans sits on a lawn chair with many shopping bags at his feet. A man sitting in a chair, in the living room, holding a round white pillow, and laughing. A man in a green sweater holds a round, decorative pillow. A man holding something that he has purchased.	A man balances himself.	contradiction
An older man is playing multiple instruments while others look on. A bearded old gentleman plays a split guitar outside. An older man playing an instrument in the rain. He is singing while playing the guitar.	A street performer entertains.	entailment
A gray-haired woman wearing tan pants, a yellow and white jacket and sunglasses is sitting on a bench. An elderly woman with large glasses and a cream colored shawl sits on a bench against a stone wall. The aged woman sits while wearing her pink-lensed glasses. An older woman sitting outside.	A woman sitting with her purse in her lap.	neutral
A woman is being chased by a child on the beach while a man looks on. Two young children are playing on the beach while a man watches. Two people run in the sand with their arms in the air. Two children running on a beach.	A father watches.	neutral
Two runners wearing racing bibs climbing over a tree lying across the trail. Two men in a marathon climb over a tree in the forest. Two runners in a race are running in the woods. Two marathon runners running through a forest.	Men jump over a log.	entailment
A Buddhist Monk holding an umbrella with a temple in the background. A monk in his red robe holds an umbrella outside of a temple. Monk in sunglasses and red robe holding an umbrella. A monk using an umbrella to stay out of the sun.	A man break-dancing.	contradiction
A woman in a black dress with white polka dots speaks into the ear of a man in a white and black shirt holding a drink. A woman is speaking into a man 's ear at a bar. A woman tries to talk over the noise to a man. A woman talking to a man in a bar.	A man holding a glass of beer.	neutral
A boy on a mountain bike lands after a jump while riding in the forest. A man is riding his bicycle through the woods. A boy doing a jump on his bike in the woods A guy racing his motorcycle on a trail.	A cyclist doing a jump.	entailment
People at some type of event and one woman in the foreground is wearing a white jacket and holding a Japanese flag. A woman holding a Japanese flag is watching a young girl. A man in a beige jacket holds a Korean flag. Three people are attending an event.	A woman bicycling.	contradiction
A person with red hair, wearing jeans and a blue sweatshirt, is jogging downhill past what appears to be some sort of shed that someone has drawn a heart on one of the doors. A man in a blue hooded sweatshirt and jeans jogging downhill by a street. A man in a blue sweatshirt is running down a hill by a small shack. A man passes a wooden shed as he runs downhill.	A woman running on a sidewalk.	contradiction
The man in the hooded sweatshirt is controlling the large machine. A worker operates machinery on a cold day. A black man operates an orange crane. A man operates an orange crane.	A man sits.	neutral
An infant girl in pigtails, wearing a red shirt and pink shoes, is sitting in a swing seat at a park. Young girl with her tongue out, ponytails, and pink crocks midair on a swing. A blond girl in a swing wearing Crocs. A little girl is on a swing outside.	A child playing on the swings.	entailment
Two guys, one in a yellow shirt and one in a white shirt, are playing with a Frisbee. Two men, wearing shorts and t-shirts, playing Frisbee in a field. Two adult males playing Frisbee in a grassy area. Two men in shorts and T-Shirts playing frisbee.	A man stands outside a building.	neutral
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and putting their feet on the seat. A motorcycle rider starts to sand up on the seat of his white motorcycle. This person is doing a stunt on a motorcycle. A motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike.	A man doing an ollie.	contradiction
People try to make a point about how big companies do n't care about people and only car about money. A group of people protesting various world affairs in front of a giant penny cut in half. A person in a white animal costume is kneeling in front of a broken penny prop. People in costumes in front of a large penny broken in half.	A group is standing.	entailment
A light tan cat lying down on a concrete ledge next to the bushes. A white cat sits on a concrete wall and looks at the camera. A cat lays on a wall with shrubbery behind him. A white cat sits on a wall.	A cat hiding.	neutral
The number 52 motorcyclist in a blue and black helmet is going around a corner. A man with a blue helmet leans into a sharp turn on his motorcycle. A motorcyclist on a number 52 bike leans in for a sharp turn. A man on a motorcycle going around a corner.	A man walking.	contradiction
Black man using a telephone booth and holding his hand to the door. There is a person standing inside of a blue phone booth. A blue phone booth sits next to a display window. A person opening the door of a phone booth.	African American man standing.	entailment
A woman in a gray and white striped shirt is jogging across a bridge. A woman in a striped shirt jogs next to water. A female runner jogging along beside a river. Female jogger runs along a river in a city.	A woman walking.	contradiction
A man in a yellow patterned shirt and a woman in a gray hooded sweatshirt are walking along a construction zone. Two pedestrians walk past a construction site surrounded by orange mesh. A man and woman are walking on the sidewalk next to a construction site. A man and woman walking by a construction site.	A couple strolls.	entailment
Four black men are sitting down on a bench discussing something. Four men are sitting around having a conversation in the shade. Four men sit on a bench in a desert village. Four black men sit in a village, talking.	A man doing a backflip.	contradiction
Two old women sit on a bench having a conversation. Two older women sit on a wooden bench outdoors. Two older women sitting together on a bench. These two lady 's are having a conversation.	Women seated.	entailment
Two little girls, one in green and one in purple, reading a book. Two little girls are looking over a paper. Two young girls looking at something. Two little girls look over something.	A child sitting on a sidewalk.	neutral
One child wearing navy pants and a navy sweatshirt identifying him as a Rockstar clutches a yellow toy close to his face as he is standing in front of a padded, floral and leafy printed chair with wooden legs. A young Caucasian boy with a rock star shirt being camera shy trying to not look at the camera. A little boy wearing a blue rock star shirt is holding a yellow frisbee close to his face. A little boy in blue holds a yellow object in front of a floral designed chair.	A child flinches.	neutral
A young child in a lime green shirt is vacuuming a black and white checked carpet. A little boy tries to vacuum his rug while his older brother watches. Young boy using a vacuum cleaner on a rug. A young boy is using a vacuum cleaner.	A child learns the art.	contradiction
A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it. A man dressed in black leather with a red bandanna is smiling at the camera. A man with a beard, red headband, and leather vest smiles. A man wearing a leather jacket.	A man standing outside.	neutral
A young man in yellow pants is engaging in physical activity with a large audience watching. One young man in yellow pants is dancing while a crowd of people watch him. A young man, in yellow pants, is performing in front of a crowd. A shirtless man is dancing for crowd on concrete floors.	Man putting on a performance.	entailment
A youth with musical tattoos and a black shirt stands open mouthed holding a microphone wrapped with bright green tape next to outstretched hands. Exciting young musician performs for an enthusiastic crowd. A singer is hot and sweaty from performing in a concert. A vocalist performs in front of onlooking fans.	A performer singing into a microphone.	entailment
A gray and black-haired male is holding his glasses in one hand while looking at something in the other hand; surrounded by numerous amounts of machines. Man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand. Some elements are too small to visualize without a microscope. A man in a laboratory is examining something.	A man standing in a room.	entailment
A woman and four young boys gather on the porch of a somewhat rundown wooden house. Four children and a woman in red pants sit on a rickety wooden porch. A woman looks after children playing on a rickety wooden walkway. A young boy in a white t-shirt smiling.	A man holds a child.	contradiction
Cyclist participating in an organized event cross a large suspension bridge and two women riders have stopped to pose for a picture. Two female bikers pose on a bridge as other riders travel by in a marathon. Women posing for a picture during a bicycle race on a bridge. There are many participants in this bike race.	A child riding a bike.	neutral
A fire engine sits near a cloud of thick smoke with one fireman on top of the truck and another fireman walking towards the smoke. A man in a blue helmet is walking beside smoke and a red truck. Two firefighter are surrounded by smoke. Firefighters arrive at the scene.	A firefighter walking in front of a firetruck.	entailment
A streetcar moves up a narrow road while a group of people gathers at the bottom of the hill. A group of people is standing on a street with towering buildings to each side of them. A group of men standing near the road in front of an advertisement and tram car. A small group is waiting for the trolley to reach the bottom of the hill.	Group doing a dance.	contradiction
Three girls smiling, one of those showing two fingers as if she 's doing the peace sign. Three young women smiling while the lady with the red hair makes a peace gesture. Three girls are smiling for a picture. Three girls smiling for the camera.	Three Asian women standing.	neutral
A group of adults and children treks through a field containing an old stone wall. A group of adults and children walking near a field of neatly groomed grass. A group of young children run in a field. A group of kids hiking on a trail.	Family walking.	entailment
A little girl in only socks and a necklace is being tossed in the air and caught. A young child is held above a man 's head as her hair flies in the air. A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head. A man is lifting a little girl above his head.	A child thrown.	entailment
A three man ethnic band play native instruments while dressed in red and gold. Three weirdly dressed men, playing in some form of musical fiasco. Three men in Renaissance-style clothing are playing instruments. Three men are wearing native clothing and playing instruments.	A group of men and women pose.	neutral
A man in a light green shirt is riding in a light green street cleaning type vehicle. A man in a green machine is cleaning a pump in front of the Drake hotel. Man in green jacket driving a green street cleaning machine. A city street is being cleaned by a man in a green vehicle.	A worker driving a piece of equipment.	entailment
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky. A man is doing a trick on a bicycle in the air. The boy is doing a jump in the air on his bike. A BMX rider airborne on his bike	Some men watch.	neutral
A person riding a surfboard on a big wave. A surfer riding a wave on beautiful water. A person riding a surfboard in the ocean. A surfer rides a breaking wave.	A man helps another man do a flip.	contradiction
Two men and a woman standing behind brown one man band rolling appliances Two men in bowler hats and a woman are performing on a street. Musicians are performing outdoors for money. Three people are performing music.	Men playing musical instruments in a park.	entailment
An Asian child looking towards something wearing traditional clothing. A little oriental girl glancing upward toward her right. The little girl looked in awe at the sight. Native girl in a blue top looking skyward.	A boy burying himself.	contradiction
A little girl is climbing a wooden wall in a park and another man in a red shirt is walking on the trail. A man is walking on a trail in the woods while a young girl is attempting to climb some boards of wood. A blond-haired girl in denim shorts climbs a retaining wall along a path next to a river. A girl on wood and a man walking outside.	A child climbing.	entailment
Many tables displaying different national flags are assembled in a conference hall with people mingling or sitting. A bunch of people are mingling in a fair where there are booths with the flags of countries draped over the walls. A large group of people are gathered at a meeting discussing things. A group of people are gathered in an office, talking.	A group standing.	entailment
Two men are having a conversation in front of a graffiti-filled wall, with two younger men in the background. Some men stand around a wall which has purple and pastel green graffiti. Two men face each other in front of purple graffiti. Several men standing in front of graffiti	A man taking a picture of another man.	contradiction
A brown dog is looking at a black horse that is sticking its head through a fence. A black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass. A brown dog is looking at the black horse on the other side of the gate. A horse and dog look at each other in a field.	A bird standing in grass.	contradiction
A group of girls wearing dresses and skirts gathers outside. Children participating in activities on the beach. A bunch of young girls are walking in the sand. A group of children are walking in the sand.	A group has their arms around each other.	neutral
A black and white dog is carrying a blue ball through the yard of a house in a tropical location. A dog plays with a blue spiky ball in the grass. Black and white dog has blue ball in mouth. A dog plays with a toy.	A woman walks some dogs.	contradiction
A male guitarist with close-cropped hair is concentrating on playing a tune on a six-string, electric guitar, standing in a spotlight on stage with band members in shadow behind him. A man in a purple shirt plays a left handed Gibson Les Paul on stage. A guitarist is performing music on stage. A man playing guitar in a purple shirt.	A man rehearsing.	entailment
A man in a green shirt is singing karaoke while a young woman with long brownish hair stands by and listens. A woman looking up and a man speaking through a microphone. A man sings while a red-haired woman waits her turn. A couple is singing karaoke in a bar.	A girl dances.	contradiction
Four people are speed skating along on a race course with number 8 in the lead. Four guys go around a turn in a speed skating competition. Four men are competing in an ice skating race. Ice skating race is going around a curve.	Skiers having fun on the snow.	contradiction
A female dancer in black spandex flies through the air. A ballerina in a black leotard leaps through the air. There is a ballet dancer jumping in the air. A ballerina is doing a grande pas de chat.	A gymnast flying.	contradiction
A man wearing a black shirt has his hand on the back of a man wearing a red shirt. Two men in red shirts are standing with a man in a black shirt. A praying man is comforted by another man in a parking lot. A group huddled together saying a little prayer.	A man bows his head.	entailment
Young men and women sit at a wooden table on which several partially-drunk beverages have been placed; the picture is interrupted by an outstretched hand, colored green in the odd light of the wood-paneled interior. A green tinted hand is being held up in front of a table of people. People socializing at a table with beverages. A group of friends hanging out in a bar.	Three men sitting.	entailment
A small group of adult males enjoy a conversation in an architecturally sound building. A group of young males standing around a table. People conversing in a casual setting. People standing in a corner.	A group having their picture taken.	entailment
Blond child with large black coat, multicolored scarf, and knit hat standing in front of a window. A younger boy is wearing a striped scarf and stocking cap. A child standing outside in a matching cap and scarf. Young boy is dressed for cold weather.	Child has a sad look.	contradiction
Peaceful older lady who has finally fallen asleep after reading her book. An older woman with gray hair and glasses, taking a nap in bed. An older woman is lying down in her bed. Grandmother laying in her bed asleep.	A woman sleeping under a blanket.	neutral
A blond man in a yellow and black uniform grabs another blond man in a teal and purple uniform during a sports game. Two soccer players of the opposing team getting into a fight during their game. Two players on a field fighting each other. Two rugby players during a game.	A man gardening.	contradiction
A hiker with a backpack is walking with a snow-covered mountain in the background. A backpacker is walking in front of a mountain with arms crossed. A woman holds herself as she hikes in mountainous terrain. A person in a red hat with a huge backpack going hiking.	A cat walking.	contradiction
Women are seated at a picnic table eating, while a man in a white t-shirt and a yellow and orange balloon design on his head stands in the background. An elderly woman is eating a burger while the man next to her touching his hat. A man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables. A gray-haired person with glasses enjoys a sandwich.	Women sit in lawn chairs.	neutral
Man in prisoner suit wearing a camera around his neck and being photographed by the water. A man dressed as a prisoner being punished for not having a permit. A man wearing a prison jumpsuit is having his picture taken A protester in Sydney, Australia being photographed.	A man holding a gavel.	neutral
Many people in a stadium dressed in white are conversing with each other. Man in hat waves to the camera, surrounded by other people. A couple of friends inside a large bullfighting arena. A group of people enjoying themselves in an arena.	Man standing on a stage.	neutral
Two men in black shirts playing electric instruments in a room. A band performing with a closeup on the singer. Two members of a band are playing music. Rock band performing on a small stage.	Man surrounded by equipment.	entailment
A black poodle is running through the grass. The black dog is running through the grass. A black dog is running in the grass. A small black dog is in the grass.	A dog walking through the tall grass.	entailment
A group of people on the slopes, a person is skating boarding, and a bunch of people are surrounding him. A snowboarder in the air as others watch. Airborne snowboarder in front of a crowd. A snowboarder jumps high.	Spectators watch.	entailment
A man wearing a white uniform is trying to make a shot but the two men in black are trying to block him. A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms. Basketball player in white uniform leaping to make a shot while being blocked by player in black. A basketball player takes a shot.	A crowd watches.	neutral
A man in a white shirt and black jeans with a ponytail juggles balls as a bicycle leans against the wall with what looks like the belongings of someone homeless. A person staring at a wall that has a bike against it. Man in white juggling with a bike against the wall. A man in a white shirt juggling on a street.	A man standing near a bicycle.	entailment
Two people heavily dressed, carrying backpacks, walk through snow. Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain. Two people climbing a snowy mountain. People lean over in the snow.	A rock climber scaling a mountain.	contradiction
Construction workers are working on a construction project. A large excavation is taking place in a city. Men work in a construction site. Workers at a construction site.	A worker standing.	entailment
A young child wearing a red wig peaks out at the photographer as clowns walk by in a parade. A young red-haired girl wants to see what comes after the clowns in the parade. A girl with a red wig smiles as a lot of people dressed as clowns walk by. A bunch of people of all ages wearing costumes.	A woman and a man are walking.	contradiction
A female vocalist in a black outfit performing on stage with a drum kit in the background. A woman singing into a microphone. A blond woman is singing on stage. Blond woman singing on stage.	A singer singing.	entailment
A woman holding a microphone wearing a brown jacket, in front of a sign which says " comedians you should know. " A brunet male in a brown blazer talking to an audience at a comedian show. A woman with dark hair and a brown coat holding a microphone on stage. A young comedian in a brown jacket doing an act.	A performer performs on stage.	entailment
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area. A brown dog is running over snow near leafless trees. A dog is running through the snow. A dog runs through the snow.	Dogs running in green grass.	contradiction
A woman stands behind a display table advertising the London 2012 Olympics in front of a sign reading, " Bienvenus Welcome. " A female worker is standing behind a table that says London 2012 above the Olympic rings. A young woman is standing behind an information stall at the 2012 London Olympic Games. The Olympic official is smiling for the camera	Woman posing.	entailment
A group of little girls are reading off of papers together. Children recite something from white sheet of paper. A group of girls reading some lines. Girls singing at a talent show.	Teens sing.	contradiction
Four similarly styled brightly dressed women with long skirts dancing in the sunlight with trees framing their movements in the background. Mexican women in decorative white dresses perform a dance as part of a parade. A number of identically costumed women dance outdoors before an audience. A group of traditional Mexican dancers twirl their flowing skirts.	Performer dancing.	entailment
A group of people walking between two buildings. People walking along a path on a sunny day. People are walking by a building. A busy day in the city streets.	A woman knitting.	contradiction
A girl in her underwear on a pillow is on display as viewers take photos. A sexy woman poses while people take pictures of her. A woman in her underwear performing for a video. Stripper at a busy airport.	Men rafting.	contradiction
A worker is being scolded by her boss in a stern lecture. A manager talks to an employee about job performance. A hot, blond girl getting criticized by her boss. Sonic employees talking about work.	Men talk standing under a tree.	contradiction
A woman with a green shopping bag stands in front of a " Welcome to Aberdeen " sign. An older lady standing in an airport. A woman is standing front of a sign. A woman is standing in Aberdeen.	A woman at a bus stop.	neutral
A mountain biker, wearing a black helmet and shirt, in motion. One biker wearing a black helmet riding on a dirt hill. Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area Dirt biker taking a corner	A man on the bike taking a turn.	entailment
A man and a woman are gambling at a casino and are enjoying themselves. A group of people in evening wear are playing roulette in a casino. A group of people playing roulette in a casino People around a table playing roulette.	A man showing a peace sign.	contradiction
An adult and a child walking around outdoors in Autumn. A man and child are talking a walk through a park. A child is standing behind a walking man. A man and child are walking on a trail.	A child watching.	neutral
One male with glasses performing a skateboard trick in front of city. Skateboarder performing a grab trick in the air over a bowl. A skateboarder doing a trick in the air on a skating ramp. A man in a black shirt and glasses is skateboarding.	Skaters racing.	contradiction
Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass. The dogs are walking in the desert. Two dogs walking along dirt path. Two dogs run across dry ground.	Two dogs playing outside.	entailment
A man and a woman and a young child surrounded by various birds. A couple and their baby feed pigeons at a park. A man sitting on a park bench watching pigeons. A large flock of pigeons is swarming at a man.	A family sits.	neutral
A man with salt and pepper hair, in a quasi crew cut style, wearing a black tank top is just ahead of a group of people behind him on a sidewalk or street. An older perhaps Asian man who is wearing a sleeveless shirt with quite a few people in the background. An Asian man wearing a dark tank top t-shirt is in the marketplace. A man in a black shirt staring into the distance.	A man looks at the camera.	contradiction
A man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera. A man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette. A man in a black shirt holds a large bushel of vegetables. A man in all black carries a vegetable.	Asian men watch.	contradiction
A group of friends huddle together at their local bar to take a memorable picture. Five women and two me come together for a photo in a bar. A group of seven people posing for a picture in a bar. A group of friends is posing in a pub.	Individuals posing.	entailment
A man in a black cape faces off against a young boy in a tracksuit. Children gather and play outside of an older white building. A man prepares to fight a young boy in the gravel. Two males are fighting in the street.	A kid practicing martial arts.	neutral
A boy is jumping into a pool, and showing a peace sign to the camera. A teenage boy jumps into a pool in a tropical locale. A child jumping into a blue pool in a bathing suit. A boy wearing green shorts is jumping into a pool.	A man selling books.	contradiction
Three young boys are wading in water, walking out to a boat nearby. Three children are playing in the water near a boat. Three children in the ocean next to a sailboat. Three young African boys in water.	Boys swimming.	entailment
A smiling little blond girl holds stands in a play structure and holds a green toy. A little girl with ponytails laughs near a plastic castle play set. A small girl playing in a Little Tikes' playground set. A little girl laughs while playing in a playhouse.	A boy smiles for the camera.	contradiction
A group of workers wearing bright orange jackets with reflective stripes, a man in the middle is holding a sign. A group of people wearing orange coats with white stripes are standing together holding a piece of paper. A group of workers in reflective orange vests and hard hats pose for a photograph. Several men and one woman are dressed in orange with white hard hats.	Workers smile.	entailment
A skier takes to great heights on a snow-covered mountain slope. A person wearing skis makes a jump over the snow. A skier is in the air. A skier	A man skiing down a snowy hill.	contradiction
A man dressed in athletic gear and sunglasses sits in a boat, paddling with a large oar. A young man with brown hair wearing a green outfit is rowing with an oar. A muscular young man, donning sunglasses, rows one oar of a rowboat. A man in sunglasses is rowing a boat of some kind.	A rower rowing.	entailment
Two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game. Two little girls in dresses playing a game by a stone wall. Two girls showing something to each other. Two girls play with origami.	Two children lie on the grass.	contradiction
People walk up steps from a large subway station while others stare from the ledge above them. Three people walking up stairs and two additional people standing on a ledge People mount a broad, outdoors staircase to street level. Several people walking up a set of outdoor stairs.	Little boy pushing another child.	contradiction
Two men on rollerskates are facing one another as others are passing them or coming upon them as an audience watches their interaction. A man in a blue uniform on rollerskates and a man in camouflage on skates compete in a ring. Rollerskaters battle it out on the concrete. A competitive game involving rollerskates.	Teams competing against each other.	contradiction
A white dog with brown ears leaps at a white dog running from it. Two white dogs are running alongside one another next to a fence. Two white dogs running with each other. Two dogs running along a fence.	Two dogs playing fetch.	neutral
A man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons. Two people talking to a lady in a gym who has a tattoo on her arm. Three people discuss the setting up process for a social event. A man and woman look on as another woman talks.	Women have a conversation.	entailment
Two baseball players in red hats are catching pitches thrown by a man, a woman, and a boy. Baseball players playing with kids and adults on a field. Player 22 receives pitch from women near pitchers mount. Fans pitching to actual baseball players.	Pitchers throw balls to catchers.	neutral
A man in a white cotton shirt holds a lit blue candle and stands while touching his forehead to the foot of a statue on top of a pillar. A man holding a lighted candle with his head leaning on a statue. A man in a white shirt hold a blue candle against a pedestal. A man is holding a blue candle.	A man is carrying a dog.	contradiction
In an office, a man in a blue suit is moving towards a seated woman in a tan jacket. An older couple possible in the 70 's in an office making a deal. A man in a blue suit reached towards a seated woman in an office. A man appears to be reaching for a woman 's drink in an office.	Women doing some work.	contradiction
An older couple is walking past a Jewelry store on a sunny day. Two elderly people are walking down the street on a sunny day. Two older people walking down a busy street on a sunny day An elderly couple walks together.	A man and a woman walk past a shop.	entailment
An elderly Asian woman praying with offerings in hand. An elderly woman taking part in a ceremony. An Asian woman is praying with a candle An elderly woman in white.	A woman holding an object.	entailment
A young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand. A young blond boy in a yellow shirt is shoving chocolate cake into his mouth. A young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon. A small boy eating chocolate cake.	A child with blond-hair sitting.	entailment
A man with a hat and suspenders is walking through cornfields toward a silo in the background. The solitary man wearing the hat is walking in the field. A man in a straw hat is walking in a cornfield. Farmer walking in his fields.	A man walks away from the camera.	neutral
A woman with dyed blond and brown hair has her arm around the man who is holding a cup. A man holding a drink is being hugged by a woman wearing a black shirt. A man holding a drink poses with a woman. A guy and girl having their photo taken.	Men having a discussion.	contradiction
A golden haired dog with wet hair is licking its nose while moving through shallow water. A golden retriever licks his nose as he dries off from the water. The brown dog is running in the water licking his nose. A wet brown dog is leaving the water.	A wet black dog walking.	contradiction
Six young children are standing in an area shaded by trees viewing paper being tossed into the air. A boy is throwing an object into the air while a few other children watch him. Several children are standing on a sidewalk playing a game. A group of youngsters plays in a shady city park.	A group talking.	neutral
A group of people sit in chairs around a table while a grill cooks food. Some people are sitting in chairs on a lawn while food is barbecuing. Seven adult sit around a barbecue laden with food. A group of people sit outside during a barbecue.	A man sitting on a staircase.	contradiction
A group of people are at a club watching a performance. People watching other people perform on stage. Erotic show with guests looking onwards. People at a bar enjoying a performance	Men recording.	contradiction
Two women, one wearing red and one wearing black, playing violins at a concert. A woman in a black shirt and pants playing the violin for an audience. A woman plays an instrument while many people watch her. A gathering of people at a small concert.	A group playing for a crowd.	entailment
Two young children are asleep on a couch. Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch. Two children asleep on a couch. Two kids asleep on a futon.	A kid doing an ollie.	contradiction
A dark-skinned girl with goggles and black hair in water. A young girl with goggles is floating in the pool. A young girl swimming in a pool. A young girl swimming in a pool	Boys watching another boy.	contradiction
Two girls sitting on the stoop of a building, sharing a laugh, while one drinks coffee. Two girls talking while sitting on the stairs. Two girls are sitting outside steps talking. Sitting on a doorstep talking.	A woman sits on concrete steps.	contradiction
Four black men are sitting down on a bench discussing something. Four men are sitting around having a conversation in the shade. Four men sit on a bench in a desert village. Four black men sit in a village, talking.	Men drinking.	neutral
Three young, male members of a band, one of whose face is not shown, one who is playing a bass guitar, and one who is smiling. A man wearing a black sweater vest and a hat plays the bass. A man with glasses wearing a hat is playing the bass. A man is playing guitar in a band.	A man plays an instrument.	entailment
Crowded street with a man holding a subway sign pointing customers to a subway sandwich shop. A man dressed in blue, holding a Subway Sandwich sign on the sidewalk. A man in all bright blue against a subway sign in New York City. Man holding a sign promoting subway restaurant.	A man standing.	entailment
A teenager wearing a black t-shirt is skating high up nearly four feet above the ground. A male skateboarder in a black shirt, and white pants, jumping over a yellow object. An Asian skateboarder in a black shirt and fitted jeans shows off a trick. A skateboarder in an ally doing tricks while jumping over panels.	A guy jumps.	entailment
A young woman wearing black pants, black shoes and a purple top has her right knee and foot pulled up to her hip while she is standing on her left foot. A young woman with a metallic purple shirt and black pants standing in a dry pool in a yoga pose. Lucy has been working on her karate stand all year. A girl in black pants doing exercises.	A woman holding her leg.	neutral
Three women wearing belly dancing costumes are pictured in color while the background of the shot is in black and white. Three women dressed in black skirts and bra-tops appear to be starting or finishing a dance routine. Three females in belly dancing outfits raise their arms at conclusion of an activity. Three belly dancers posing.	A group looks up.	neutral
A woman in a t-shirt and jean shorts is standing beside a man with a gray shirt and jeans with their backs to the camera. A man in a gray t-shirt and a woman in shorts and a black t-shirt stand in front of a monument. A man and woman look at something together in front of an ornately carved pillar. A man and a woman are standing together facing away.	A couple stands.	entailment
Three people sitting at a small table smoking cigarettes. Three people sitting down at a small table. Three friends are having coffee. Three friends share a coffee.	A man sitting at a stand.	contradiction
Man in yellow tank top with friend in white shirt check the grill. Two men in sleeveless shirts and shorts getting a beverage. Two men are outside behind a building getting drinks. Two men in conversing outside with drinks in hand.	Men stand.	entailment
An older woman and a child are playing the board game Monopoly and the child appears frustrated. A woman wearing a brown sweater and a young boy wearing a yellow shirt are playing monopoly. A boy in a yellow shirt has his eyes closed in front of the game Monopoly. A boy regretting playing a board game.	A child covering his face.	neutral
A group of people walking outside a theme park in the middle of the day. Many people are walking in the street carrying tote bags with them. A man reads as he walks with a crowd down the street. Various people are walking outside on a warm day.	A man looking over cliff.	contradiction
A black woman and an older white woman donning blue hairnets are working in a kitchen while conversing. Two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters. A black woman wearing a blue shirt has her hand in a container. Two lady 's cleaning some pot 's.	Workers preparing food.	entailment
Two motocross riders sit on the shoulder of the racetrack. The two cyclists are facing the long riding path. Two people on motorbikes. Dirt bikers on a trail.	Dirt bike riders riding on a dirt road.	entailment
Little girl with blond curly hair and wearing a yellow dress is jumping up. A little blond girl wearing yellow laughing and running. A little girl in a yellow jumper runs holding a bucket. A little blond girl running outside.	Kids sleeping.	contradiction
Boys play basketball on a wood floor near clear glass doors. A group of basketball players stand on the basketball court. Several men around an indoor basketball hoop. A group of men play basketball.	A team is wearing uniforms.	entailment
An elder man wearing black shorts and no shirt on a beach is holding a bottle that 's in a brown bag while lifting his other hand toward a blue towel that is in front of a shirtless man standing next to the man wearing black shorts. Two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day. Several individuals are gathered on the beach. Two fat white males are standing at the beach	A man is in midair.	contradiction
A man sits on a horse drawn German trolley. Man sitting on an old fashion trolley. A man is sitting on a trolley. A man sitting on a trolley.	Asian men waiting.	neutral
Many people all taking pictures with cameras. People are taking pictures of something. People raising their arms and cheering People taking pictures of an object.	A woman taking a photo.	entailment
A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it. A white and brown spotted dog, standing on its hind legs in front of a woman and a cake. The brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs. A dog stands on his hind legs for a lady in purple.	A child is jumping.	contradiction
A group of middle-aged women and men sit around a table with beverages and documents having a meeting. A group of people sitting at a table with refreshments in what looks to be an art gallery. Seven people sit at table in metal fold-up chairs discuss topic. Group of people sitting around a table for a meeting	A group talking.	entailment
An Asian street craftsman fashions items for sale. A young man without a shirt is wiping something An Asian man with no shirt on his cleaning. A shirtless man is wiping a pot.	A man sits.	neutral
A group of men are passing time sitting on the ledges of a building. The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another. Men sitting on the side of a brick road. Several men are sitting on a sidewalk.	A group relaxing.	entailment
Two guys are working on their laptops in a room with a red light. Two people in a dark room look carefully at their computers. Two men are working computer DJ equipment in the dark. Two men on laptops in a dark room.	Men and an Asian woman sitting.	contradiction
Four men are looking at a motor on the back of a wooden boat. Four men are looking at the motor of their boat in the river. A group of men peer at a boat 's motor. Four men exam a motor boat engine.	Men standing and working on a boat.	entailment
Pedestrians walk on a sidewalk next to a grassy, wooded field. Young adults dressed casually walk around in a field. People meandering around in a grassy area with trees. People are walking around a park area.	A man is singing.	contradiction
A boy and dog are on the lawn outside of the house and in front of the flower bed. A young boy petting a dog in a well-manicured yard. A boy petting a dog in a yard with a garden in it. A nice little boy is patting his cute dog.	Child playing with a small dog.	entailment
A man is sitting with his head facing down, while other people are looking in his direction. A man appears to be cooking up some food for customers in the street. A man wearing a white shirt is cooking food on a small grill. A food vendor prepares snacks for waiting customers.	Men standing around a grill.	contradiction
A man wearing an unfastened helmet holds himself up on the side of a wall as people look on. A man with tattoos is hanging on the side of a bus, while a crowd watches. A man in a helmet is hanging onto the side of a transit vehicle. The man is losing his grip and looks like he is going to fall.	A man climbing up.	entailment
Rollerblader in green shirt and hat, slides down a green handrail next to steps A man is rollerblading down a handrail on some stairs. A person wearing Rollerblades slides down a handrail. A skateboarder glides down a railing of some stairs.	A skater grinding down a rail.	entailment
A man in a dirty yellow reflective vest and black cap has his back to the camera, watching an approach truck drive past an American flag. A man in a reflector-vest stands in front of a cement truck near a flagpole. A man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle. A man working as a flagger.	Worker watches.	entailment
Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts. Two men are standing outside a restaurant at dusk. Two men stand in front of a restaurant. Two men outside of a restaurant.	Men drinking soda.	neutral
A woman sitting with a man of about the same age reaches towards a bird who had just landed on the table where the two share a drink. A blond-haired woman in an off-white coat is shooing birds off a table. The lady in the trench coat is sweeping the bird off the table. A woman is reaching for a bird that landed on her table.	A woman carrying bags.	contradiction
One woman and two young girls are sitting outside on chairs made out of tree stumps. An Asian woman and two Asian children are sitting on chairs on a wooden deck. A woman and two children are sitting on wooden furniture outdoors. Two kids and a woman are sitting outside on a porch.	Girls taking a picture.	contradiction
Three women around a table with miscellaneous items, holding beverages. Some women with short black hair are drinking beverages. The two women in the middle are holding red cans. Women talking to each other.	Three women standing in a room.	entailment
Two people standing in front of a yellow building with a painted mural of an athlete, a rock group, and graffiti. People waiting outside a building next to a mural. A side of a building with paintings on it. Three people are on a sidewalk.	A man walks.	contradiction
You have a Mexican lady in hell a pink dress who is dancing. A dancer in a vibrant pink dress swirling around. A woman in a bright dress is dancing. A lady in a big pink dress dancing.	Performer laughing.	contradiction
A little girl runs in the park, looking at something out of frame. The girl is running through a park near a wooden park bench. A young girl walks quickly outside. Girl running past a bench.	Child runs down a street.	contradiction
One man in a red shirt has another man wearing a gray shirt, pinned down on a blue mat. A man in a red shirt pins a younger man in a white shirt to a blue padded mat. A man in a red shirt referees a wrestling match. Two men practicing MMA submission holds	A man watering a plant.	contradiction
A man stands on a transportation platform with earphones and a handheld electronic device. A man wearing headphones and a pinkish shirt looking at his notebook. Young professional man using his notebook phone at a subway platform. A man wearing a pink shirt has headphones on.	A man listening.	entailment
Two male friends sit at table in a restaurant discussing bar camp, which one advertises with a small sign. Two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera. Two men posing for a picture while one of them hold up a piece of paper. A man sitting at a table holding a card as his friend looks on.	Men walking and smiling.	contradiction
A woman in a gray jacket is riding her bike and looking at her mobile device. The woman is checking her device as she pedals down the street. I woman pedaling a bicycle cart looks at her cellphone. Woman riding a bicycle cart.	A woman sweeping.	contradiction
A man in a black costume wielding a wooden stick attacks a woman in yellow garb outdoors, under green trees, for a crowd. A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks with a group of people in the background. A man in a black costume and a woman in an orange costume are dueling in front of a crowd of spectators. Battling between the sexes, who will win.	A man climbs down.	neutral
A brown dog, a black dog and a black and white dog are in a grassy field A white and black dog, a yellow dog and a black dog in a grassy field. Black dog, orange dog and black and white dog, on grass. Three dogs are running through a grassy field.	A little dog stands.	neutral
Woman in a pink shirt and wearing a pink hat in front of table with food on it. A woman wearing all pink is standing behind a range with pancakes on it. Women wearing a pink shirt selling donuts in a park. A woman in a pink shirt standing over a griddle.	A band stands.	contradiction
A varied group of people are on all fours with a woman laying on top of them; a man is seen attempting to jump or flip over them. A group of volunteers forming an obstacle, while an acrobat performs a jump over them, and the crowd looks on in anticipation. While in the street, a young man is jumping over a number of other individuals as a crowd looks on. Man does a trick flipping over several people lined up at a street fair.	A group kneeling.	entailment
A person on a bike laying on a small dirt road with several other people in the background. A bike rider on his side on a dirt road with people watching. A motocross rider in the process of wiping out at a race. A BMX biker is on a course.	Spectators watching cars.	contradiction
In an office, a man in a blue suit is moving towards a seated woman in a tan jacket. An older couple possible in the 70 's in an office making a deal. A man in a blue suit reached towards a seated woman in an office. A man appears to be reaching for a woman 's drink in an office.	A woman discusses a topic.	neutral
The man wearing a tan hat and white shirt holds his brown dog which is wearing an orange collar. A man in a white shirt is leaning over a brown dog in an orange collar. A man holds his brown dog back from jumping in the water. A man standing behind a black dog with a red collar	A man crouching.	neutral
A lady posing in front of a camera is wearing jeans with her thumbs in each front pocket, while lady wearing a green shirt is watching from behind holding a drink and snack. Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party. A woman in a striped shirt posing for the camera while another woman holding a drink looks on. A woman poses for the camera in front of other people eating and drinking.	A woman giving another women a haircut.	contradiction
Peaceful older lady who has finally fallen asleep after reading her book. An older woman with gray hair and glasses, taking a nap in bed. An older woman is lying down in her bed. Grandmother laying in her bed asleep.	Women doing acrobatics.	contradiction
Two female volleyball players on the court with the one in the front falling because she missed the ball. A young girl, wearing her team uniform, is preparing to hit a ball, as another girl watches. Two girls on a volleyball team react to the purple, yellow, and white ball. A pair of female volleyball players reach for a volleyball.	Women playing a game.	entailment
A Mariachi band performing in the back of a restaurant. Small Hispanic band plays in a restaurant. String band performs in restaurant. A band gives a performance.	A man plays an instrument next to a fire hydrant.	neutral
A person wearing a purple helmet is snowboarding down a hillside. A snowboarder kicking up snow under a tree on a mountain. An individual is skiing or snowboarding A skier skiing after a snowstorm.	A guy grinding.	contradiction
A black dog is jumping up on its back legs while standing on the grass. The black dog is pouncing on something in the yard. A black dog is in action on a grassy area. A black lab jumps into the air.	Two dogs touching noses.	contradiction
Three female swimmers sit next to a starting block with their legs in the water and their caps, goggles and swimming suits on. Three women wait on the edge of a pool, dressed for a swim competition in swimsuits, goggles, and swim caps. The swimming competitors prepare for their meet. Three women swimmers at a pool.	A woman baking.	contradiction
A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop. Boy with American flag shirt bounces basketball. A young boy playing basketball. A boy with a basketball.	A woman passes a ball.	contradiction
A large, yellow construction vehicle is sitting atop a snowy landscape. Two men are looking at the front of a snow shoveling machine. Two men are standing outside of a yellow snow plow machine. Two guys in the snow work on a snowmobile.	A man looking at a piece of machinery.	entailment
A woman, carrying several multicolored buckets together, is poking boulders at the water 's edge. A girl scratches rocks with a stick while holding a red bucket. A Caucasian female exploring rocks while collecting specimens. A woman is crouched, examining rocks at a shoreline.	A woman squats.	entailment
A man is holding a sign directing people to a restaurant People are walking down the street on a sunny day. A man holding a business sign in a crowded street. A man in blue holds up a sign.	A group running.	contradiction
A woman wearing a long, sparkling white dress dances with a young man wearing a black shirt and black pants on the dance floor alone. Two people, a man in all black and a woman in white, are dancing. A woman and man are dancing an ethnic dance. A man and a woman dancing on a stage.	A man holding the hand of a woman.	neutral
A blond-haired boy surrounded by vegetation looks out at a body of water. A little boy about to venture into a pond surrounded by green bushes. A child stands in tall grass by a body of water. A boy kneels at the edge of a pond.	Spectators standing.	contradiction
A newlywed couple, still wearing their wedding outfits, prepare to enter a car. A happy, beautiful bride getting out of a luxury car. A bride getting out of her car on her wedding day. A man helps the bride standing near the car.	A bride carrying a bouquet.	entailment
A man wearing a blue ball cap is walking past the Eden Farm store at night. Eden Farm Groceries offers free delivery. A man walking in front of a store. A store is open at nighttime.	Policemen walk.	contradiction
An crowded oriental marketplace set in a narrow street. People are shopping in a crowded marketplace. A group of people in a street marketplace. Many people browse in an Asian market.	A group walking outside.	entailment
A woman wearing red plays a harp while looking at her music on the music stand. A woman with a red shirt is reading sheet music and playing the harp. The woman depicted in the red blouse is playing a harp. A young girl playing the harp.	A woman plays an instrument in a room.	entailment
Three men on stage with drumsticks wearing all black. A band is outside playing cylindrical instruments. A male with drumsticks in a darkly lit room. Three men playing long drums on a stage.	Three kids stand.	contradiction
A light dog climbing a wall of dirt. A dog climbing a steep dirt hill. A Great Dane climbing a steep hill A dog climbs a hill.	Multicolored dogs running.	contradiction
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail. A group of men and women are walking on a dirt trail, with a cluster of trees in the background. A hiking tour for seniors on a clear day. Hiking group of people in the mountains.	Some hikers walking.	entailment
A man wearing a white shirt, black slacks, and white socks, in a resort hotel room, has leaped into the air to land on his bed. A man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean. A man dressed in white and blue clothes leap on his bed in a hotel room near the beach. Man hovering above bed inside a hotel in front of a balcony window.	Men rafting.	contradiction
The man on the left has a mohawk, tattoo on his right leg, and a kilt, while the man on the right is wearing a black hat, sunglasses, shirt, vest, and shoes. Two large men are dressed in black t-shirts, khaki bottoms, boots, and jewelry with hardware. Two men, one with a mohawk, are standing together on the street. Two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall.	Two men drinking beverage.	neutral
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk. Two young girls wearing bonnets standing by a tree watching a snake nearby. Two young girls wearing dresses and bonnets stand next to a tree. Two little girls wear dresses and bonnets next to a snake.	A child walks towards a bird.	contradiction
Three gentlemen looking at clothes on a store clothes rack. A man showing a red garment to two other men in a shop. Three men examining clothing in a clothing shop. A group of men looking at clothing.	Men standing and pointing.	neutral
A woman in a cream tank tops and sunglasses scratches her head as she looks of to the side. Selena Gomez is wearing a cream tank top looking at the town after she got off the plane. Woman in a tan tank top and jeans looks off into the distance through her sunglasses. A woman with sunglasses and brown hair looking off into the distance.	A girl dives into a pool.	contradiction
Young boy on a floatation device in a lake with boats nearby. A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat. A young boy is floating in the water. A young boy rides in a small boat.	Two children hold up another child.	contradiction
A young male is wearing blue shorts at the edge of a shaded area. A boy wearing a red shirt and blue shorts is walking outside. A young boy in a red shirt walks in on an unpaved street. A young boy playing in the street.	A boy standing on a road.	entailment
Two dogs are running quickly through a park. Two dogs are running across a grassy path. A dog runs behind another at a park. Two dogs run through the park.	A black and white dog chasing a dog.	neutral
Two children holding hands going down a large inflatable slide. Two kids slide down a giant inflatable slide. Two children are on a giant inflatable slide. Two girls slide down the air-filled slide.	Little girls slide down a slide.	entailment
Two women, one with a black and red helmet and the other with a white helmet with a star, that are skating. A roller-skating woman in red and black socks and a black shirt is elbowing another skater out of her way. Two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background. Two women in a roller derby competition.	Some women standing.	contradiction
A group of young people walking with two talking on cellphones. A group of people walk in the park, while some talk on phones. A group of students are walking through the campus. Several young people walking casually around	Men walk.	neutral
A man is using a spatula while cooking over a steaming grill or flat top. A worker with his face being hidden by steam from a stove. A man in a black shirt cooking in a smoky kitchen. A chief works over a large steaming pot.	A chef cooking.	entailment
Families trying to check on the board for the names of their loved ones who went missing after an earthquake. People are standing on a walkway reading post places on a wall. A crowd of people looking at a bulletin board in Chinese. People are looking at papers hanging on a wall.	Two men watching people.	contradiction
A man is reading a newspaper underneath a green flag that says, " La suma de todos ". A man in a white shirt is sitting on a curb and reading a newspaper. A man in sandals sits down while reading the newspaper outside. A man in a white shirt reads the paper by a tree.	Many animals sit.	contradiction
A group of young Indian boys are smiling for the camera in front a white house. Children pose in front of a man on a motorcycle in a dirt lot. A group of young children in a village with no paved roads. A group of children are standing on a dirt road.	A group dancing.	contradiction
Four bearded men sit at a table in a restaurant, the table has plates and glasses on it, and the men are all looking towards the photographer. Four bearded men having their picture took at a dinner table. Four men with goatees are having dinner at a restaurant. Four bearded men eat a table at a restaurant.	Some individuals sitting.	entailment
A group of people are sitting on a ledge in front of a building. A bunch of people sitting outside a building at night. Just hanging out at club Saw and having a great time. Bust scene outside of a club.	A group standing.	contradiction
A group of men in a bike race on a city street with a man in a gray and red Speedo outfit and helmet happily in the lead. A man in a silver helmet enthusiastically participates in a bike race. A strained bicyclist pedals in front of his fellow racers. Two cyclists competing in a race.	A rider pulls away.	entailment
The sky is gray with some clouds while six people play a blacktop cement game of basketball, a white male in white t-shirt, gray shorts, and white sneakers has just jumped off the ground to make his shot while the others run up to surround him. Interracial basketball team playing against each other and one player is scoring a hoop. Group of men playing basketball in a basketball court wearing tennis shoes. A man is going for a rebound in an outdoor game of basketball.	Onlookers watch.	entailment
A man in a green shirt, white shorts and tennis shoes has thrown something over an orange net. An man with a green shirt and white shorts is playing volleyball. A man volleying a ball over the net in a game of volleyball. A man in green hitting a volleyball over the net.	Some guys walking.	contradiction
A large dog is running on the grass with a rope in its mouth. A dog with a rope toy in its mouth runs on the grass. A black and brown dog has rope in its mouth. The dog is running with a rope toy.	A dog jumps to catch a toy.	contradiction
A woman is jumping down from checking the contents of a large tank. A woman jumps up to avoid a leak from a fermentation tank. An employee checking conditions of a liquid. A man climbs down a large kiln.	A lady peeking.	contradiction
A young man in shorts and t-shirt is snowboarding under a bright blue sky. A man is attempting to surf down a hill made of sand on a sunny day. A man is surfing down a hill of sand. A boy sand surfing down a hill	A man sliding.	entailment
A black-haired woman behind a podium is giving a speech to a large crowd. A female speaker is speaking to a large crowd of people under a tent. A woman speaking to a group of people on a microphone. A white woman is giving a speech under a tent.	A woman hands over a book.	contradiction
A crowd of people are soaking something, one girl is dressed up in a sports bra and red bottoms and one guy is dressed up in camouflage. A Caucasian woman listens as an Asian man in camouflage explains something. A group of people on the beach looking at their green buckets. A group of oriental people are gathering clams on the beach.	Group sitting.	neutral
A little boy stands wide-legged, each foot on each side of the tube slide. A little boy wearing a red shirt is standing on a slide. A child plays at a playground. Boy on playground equipment	A girl and a boy walk.	contradiction
A large brown dog sits next to a small white dog in a field of long grass. A large dog lying in the grass with a smaller dog next to him. Two dogs are sitting together in a wheat field. Two dogs laying together in grass	A brown dog running through water.	contradiction
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house. Group of children and some adults gathered outside stone buildings. Many children and some parents are waiting near a decorated castle. A lady stands on the street, surrounded by school children.	Children sitting.	neutral
A woman with dark hair and a blond woman in a bathing suit have cocktails on a patio. A woman in a blue shirt holding a blue cup is sitting on a patio. Two women outside a white building enjoying alcoholic beverages. Two women on the patio having drinks.	Two men standing on a scaffold.	contradiction
A young blond girl wearing a blue denim dress and pink jacket, facing across the green lawn to the house where four adults are standing on the deck, holds a large red purse up in the air. A small girl dressed in a pink jacket is holding up a red purse to show a group of four people. There is a little girl in a pink shirt who is holding a red purse in her hand A little girl, with a pink sweatshirt, holding up a red purse.	A child holding a red bag.	entailment
A man making a funny face towards the camera using wide eyes and a large smile. A strawberry haired guy flashes his blue eyes and big smile at the camera. A man in a green scarf is bearing his teeth. A blond man with big blue eyes is smiling	A man boarding a plane.	neutral
The children enjoy something funny as they prepare to have their photo taken. A group of children sit on a bench outside and smile happily. Five giggling children sit on a green bench in a park Five children laugh and smile on a bench.	Two children lying on the grass.	contradiction
A young child in a striped shirt unwrapping a gift. A little boy opening a gift at Christmas time. A small child opening up Christmas presents. Child opening up a present.	A boy sitting on the floor.	entailment
People laying and sitting near some audio and visual equipment. Five women and a man pose for a photograph near a purple bed. A group of young adults are relaxing in their pajamas. A guy and five girls hanging out.	Women smiling.	entailment
An elderly woman in a blue shirt speaks with a male with her hands on her hips. An elderly woman a blue shirt is listening to someone talking to her. A woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street. Two older people have a discussion on a street.	Several kids standing.	contradiction
A man in a pair of jeans and a yellow shirt with a paper hanging out of his back pocket enjoys a laugh with a man in jeans and a white shirt at what looks like a meeting coming to an end. Several men of Indian origin are conversing and one, in particular, seems very excited about the conversation. A group of men talk to one another in a bright office space. Two men are talking to each other in the middle of a room.	Men pushing.	contradiction
On a sandy park area, a boy in soccer clothes has kicked a ball in the air in front of himself while behind him five adult men stand watching in a semi-circle A group of boys are watching a boy dressed in black with blue socks is kicking a soccer ball in the air on the sand. A black boy dressed in black shots and shirt kicks a soccer ball on sand, while others watch. A young black boy kicking a soccer ball, while others watch.	Children doing a huddle.	neutral
Four men are performing work in a dirt lot, near a building, using a dump truck. The Workers using a truck to distribute rocks so they can build house with it A dump truck is unloading rocks while three people watch between two buildings. A red dump truck is on scene beside some buildings.	A man stands on ropes.	contradiction
Four young people are walking through past trees in a busy park. In the Fall, college students return to their schools. Four people stand in front of trees. Four young adults gathered outdoors	Girls doing cartwheels.	contradiction
A person is performing a trick in the air with a dirt bike. A motocross lets go of his bike in midair. A man performing a stunt on a dirt bike. Biker loses control of bike in midair.	A man climbing.	contradiction
The guy with a green long-sleeved shirt is inside a recording studio. A man is providing vocals in a sound booth. A man wearing green in a recording studio. Singer getting ready to record a song.	A man standing in front of a microphone.	entailment
A young woman, dressed in a blue tank top and jeans, wearing sunglasses looking to her left. Girl in a gray tank top and sunglasses looking to the right. Young in blue jeans waiting for her blind date in the park. Beautiful woman walking with sunglasses.	Girl skating.	contradiction
There are four girls three in a dress and on in jeans and a shirt. Girls, who are all dressed in dresses, dance in a dark room. Three women dancing at a crowded nightclub. Young women at a dance club.	Girls having fun.	entailment
Horses being ridden over green grass and jumping an obstacle. Jockeys are racing their horses on the green field. Athletes on numbered horses congregate in a field. Horses jumping a hurdle in a race.	Riders riding animals.	entailment
Fat man climbs a tree, but his fat girl friend and dumb dogs wearing sweaters are not impressed. A person wearing a blue shirt and khaki pants climbing in a tree. A man climbing a tree while a woman is below with her dogs. A woman with two dogs standing near a man climbing a tree.	Father sitting.	contradiction
A woman smiles as she skis, wearing a white winter hat, a white coat, and a blue hoodie, while snow is in the background. A female skier holding two ski poles wearing a white knit hat. A woman is skying in a snowy area wearing warm clothing. A smiling lady is skiing in extremely cold weather.	A woman smiling towards the camera.	entailment
A marching band dressed in red tunics and black trousers with tall black furry headpieces are walking in pairs in cadence down a sidewalk bordering a stone wall. A marching band, wearing red and black uniforms with tall fur hats, are walking down the street as they play their instruments. A military marching band of soldiers in formal uniform with red coats and fuzzy black hats march by, led by the saxophonist. The guards from Buckingham, dressed in red coats, black pants and high fitting hats, marching and playing instruments.	Some monks walk.	contradiction
The boy in the blue shirt is swinging a baseball bat towards a ball as the boy in the red helmet waits to catch him out. A little boy in a teal uniform swinging a baseball bat. A kid hits a baseball during a game. A boy hits a baseball with the bat.	An artist standing.	contradiction
Two police officers are talking to a man sitting on a bench in front of a bus. Two police officers question a seated man in front of a subway train. Two police officers talking to young man on a bench. The police interviews a man.	A mother standing.	contradiction
A red-haired girl smiling sitting next to a brown-haired man who is also smiling. A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed. A man and a woman smile for the camera while standing outside. A man and a woman in front of the yellow flowers.	Couple posing.	entailment
Two men stand outside of a boat bridge door, one standing in the doorway, one propping on the railing, while another stands inside the bridge, visible through the window. A man in green overalls leaves against a white bar next to a man wearing plaid on a boat. Two men standing in an open doorway to a hanger, with the third man inside. Two men are at the doorway of some kind of fancy vehicle or place.	Man sitting.	contradiction
A boy holding a ball falls down in front of another boy who has his arms reaching out while an older man in a green shirt smiles and watches. Two adolescents play football in a residential yard while an older man watches. Three men laugh as one falls to the ground holding a white ball. Boys playing ball on grass while man in green shirt watches	A woman throws a ball.	contradiction
This group is doing their best to try and enjoy the new hospital orientation. A teacher showing her students something on a projector screen. A lady is giving a presentation to an all-female class. A large class is taught to Indian women.	A group sitting.	entailment
A man in a blue cap getting ready to photograph a scene. A man sets up a video camera before a football game. A man inn a blue cap messing with a camera. A man sets up his video camera on field.	A man adjusting a camera on a tripod.	entailment
A man and a boy sitting with their back to a stone wall, the man paying a flute. Man and young child sitting on the ground in front of red rock wall. A man holding a flute and a boy sit on a street against a red wall. The man and boy sit on the ground, next to a rocky wall.	Man does a dance.	contradiction
A man is holding a guitar with a light shining behind him. A male musician is playing guitar for a show on stage. A man plays his red guitar under the spotlight. This man is playing an electric guitar.	Friends play instruments.	entailment
Two hikers carrying backpacks are standing in front of a path patiently looking over at something and waiting patiently. There are two young people with backpacks on and then are standing next to a hiking trail. Two hikers stopping to rest in the shade on a bright sunny day. Two hikers standing at a trail head.	Men with backpacks hiking.	entailment
There is a stadium full of people and they are watching a ballgame with two teams. Soccer players in jerseys representing two teams mill around on a soccer field. A soccer match is getting ready to start. Soccer players take the field.	Two guys playing a game.	contradiction
A man, in black tight pants, sits down leaning against the wall of a white building. A man sits outside on the stone slabs and against a cement wall. A man sits on a sidewalk while leaning up against a building. A man is sitting alone so sad.	A guy doing a stunt.	contradiction
A woman with glasses sitting at an inside table smiling at something with a glass of milk on the table in front of her. A woman with long hair, glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table, smiling. A smiley lady wearing glasses with a glass of milk. A woman with long hair is sitting at a table.	Women standing in front of a building.	contradiction
Man with a cigarette in his hand walks alone past a street map. A man in a brown coat and jeans is walking down a street. A man walks down a street next to a map. A man in a brown coat walking.	A shirtless man fishing.	contradiction
An aging man in a green and orange palm tree shirt and straw hat holds a red drum and a drumstick. A man with a hat is playing the drum in the street. A man in a straw hat playing the drum. An elderly man playing a drum.	Guys gathering.	neutral
Two women, one in a blue uniform and one in a white uniform are grappling in a martial arts competition while men with cameras film them. Two Olympic martial arts competitors go after each other in an international martial arts spectacle. Two opponents, one in blue and one in white, are sparring. Two competitors compete at a martial arts tournament.	Kids competing.	contradiction
A little boy holding a yellow, plastic shovel, crouches in the sand. A little boy squats while playing with a yellow plastic shovel. A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach. A little boy is kneeling looking at his yellow shovel	A boy digs.	entailment
A boy with a Mohawk is wearing a navy blue sweatshirt in a crowd of people. A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus. A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people. The man has a Mohawk.	A man welding.	contradiction
A man helping a woman fix her fishing pole out by what appears to be a lake with a little girl playing next to the small foldable chairs. A man sits at the shore and attends to a fishing rod while a woman and young girl stand next to him. A man helps a woman with her fishing pole next to a lake. A father helps to ready the line for fishing.	A man passed out.	contradiction
Two swimmers watch as two other swimmers leap out of the water at each other. Two people in the water while two other people are jumping out of the water. A synchronized swim team, performing a routine at a competition. Girls doing acrobatics in the pool	A little girl watching a lady.	contradiction
A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain. The dog is running through the grass in the sun. A golden retriever is running in a grassy field A dog playing in the grass.	A large dog jumps over another dog.	contradiction
A woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean. A woman in blue sits on a curb next to blue railings in front of the ocean. A girl is talking on the phone while sitting on a wall A woman talking on a cellphone near water.	A woman relaxes.	entailment
Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths. Two dogs holding opposite ends of a toy with their mouths swimming. Two similar brown dogs share holding a white toy while swimming. Two gray dogs swimming in a lake to retrieve a white toy.	Two dogs walking through the snow.	contradiction
Two men are in the shadows of a tent while a black rug hangs in the foreground. Two men sit in the shadows near a hanging rug. Men are waiting near a store that sells rugs. Two men in blue shirts stand in a tent area.	A bug sitting.	contradiction
A male has an angry look has he hold a container in front of a female. A man wearing a shirt and tie is holding a bottle of alcohol. A man at a restaurant table holds an empty bottle. A jokingly angry man holding alcohol	Man sitting.	neutral
A woman in a floral print dress and a shaved head at a store. The person wearing earrings is wearing a feathered hat. A woman with a crazy hairdo is shopping outside. A person wears a headdress and sunglasses.	A man is skiing.	contradiction
Six people ride their bikes on a sloped indoor track while a small crowd watches. Several people are riding bikes with people in stands watching. Cyclists are riding their bikes on an indoor track. Cyclist at the start of a velodrome race.	A rider racing.	entailment
A young man wearing a paint mask while standing next to a spray painted painting on a canvas and easel. A dark-haired male wears a gas-mask while spray painting a canvas by a big stone wall. Man in a gas mask completes a painting outside a wall. A young man in a striped shirt with a gas mask on.	An artist painting.	entailment
A girl in a purple shirt sits between two girls in black shirts in a theater. Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater. Three women are sitting down in an amphitheater. Three women are sitting down posing for a picture.	Women enjoying themselves.	entailment
A group of Asian men pose around a large table after enjoying a meal together. Six men of Asian descent join together at a table for some beverages. Six men are around a table in a room that has yellow and green walls. A family get together at a restaurant.	Men smiling.	entailment
A view from a hidden camera at a low height shows a man and a woman standing under an umbrella mounted on the back of a three wheeled bicycle with a cart on the back. Two men in coats are talking under an umbrella. A cart with an umbrella sits between two men. A person is talking to a newspaper salesman.	Two men drinking beverages.	contradiction
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights. A large group of Asian people are eating at a restaurant. Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant. Many people sitting at many tables.	A cyclist sits.	contradiction
As the little boy fishes for magnetic fish in the pond, his father reaches down to touch the live fish that are swimming around. Two people spend some family time together fishing. A man teaches a little boy about fish and fishing. A balding man helps a young boy fish.	Men standing around outside.	contradiction
A little boy in taxi-cab checkered pants and a brown shirt is mixing red paint in a black container. A young boy in checkered pants places a red shirt in a black tub. A young boy in a gown mixing paint with odd colored pants. A young boy reaching for something in a black plastic bin.	Child playing outside.	neutral
Five construction workers in orange vests and orange hard-hats standing outside in the rain. A group of male construction workers bedecked in orange clothing work on a roadway. Five uniformed construction workers are standing in the street. Workers in orange suits are working on a road.	Workers waiting.	entailment
A smiling man in a pink striped shirt sits behind a flower stand and in front of an assortment of many bags and containers. A man in a pink striped shirt is selling flowers out of baskets. A man in a striped pink shirt cells flower petals. An Asian gentleman is selling flowers at market.	Older man waiting.	contradiction
People are standing in front of a temple with a hot air balloon in the background Yellow balloon with above ruins with tourists around. A yellow hot air balloon passes by the Asian fields. A yellow balloon floats over a stone building.	Men standing in a row.	neutral
A lot of people are listening to a man with a microphone. A group of people are at a rock concert. People dancing to music at a concert. People are dancing at a party.	A crowd watching a band.	entailment
Children learn the art of yoga on colorful mats at a festival. Several young girls on colorful mats stretching upwards. A woman teaches yoga to kids at an outdoor festival. A group of children do stretches on colored mats.	Children sit at a cafeteria table.	contradiction
A gray and white dog is biting the ear of a white and brown dog. Two dogs wrestle with each other with their teeth bared. Two large dogs attempt to bite each other playfully. The brown and white dog nips at the yellow dog.	Dogs playing with each other.	entailment
Man and women both vaguely clothed, with their arms interlocked between each other. A shirtless man and woman are holding each other while standing in a pile of leaves. A man and woman who are standing outside in the grass doing a photo shoot. A couple wearing white play around in the front yard.	A man and a woman performing moves.	entailment
A black dog rears out of a pond, carrying a big stick in his mouth. A black dog runs through the water carrying a stick. A black dog fetches a large stick out of the water. Dog fetching a stick in the lake.	A dog jumping.	contradiction
Two oriental men are talking in front of a refrigerator in a store. Two men are talking on a stairway in a public place. Asian men saying hello to each other. Two Asian men in dark suits talking.	A blond man smiling.	contradiction
In a large crowd, a woman holds a box with a green sign on it saying " its a steal ". A lady holds a box that says " It 's A Steal. " A crowd of people in an outdoor area. A woman with a box stands in a crowd.	Two women chat.	contradiction
A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade. A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles. A group of people are walking down a busy street. Some policemen escort demonstrating citizens.	Man kicking another man.	contradiction
A boy with a white shirt, jeans and rollerskates skating down a highway. A man wearing a white shirt is skateboarding downhill on a road. A man in sunglasses is skateboarding on the road in a desert. Man crouching on a skateboard on the highway.	A man helping an older man.	contradiction
A girl wearing a short-sleeve floral print dress with a watch on has a microphone and appears to be speaking or singing to a man with a sports coat, orange shirt and hat on who is playing a guitar. A man and woman stand facing each other, the man holding an instrument and the woman holding a piece of paper. A woman holding a mic and a paper on stage with a musician. Two entertainers in action.	Some members singing.	neutral
Two children and an adult play in the streams of water shooting up from a sidewalk. A woman and two small children play in sprinklers from the ground. A woman and two young girls getting wet in a fountain. An adult and two small children playing in a fountain.	Women stand.	contradiction
A man in costume plays the keyboard in front of a sign reading " Sin with Sebastian ". A musician wearing a leather harness playing a musical instrument at a concert. Shirtless man playing a keyboard and singing into a microphone. A shirtless is playing piano and singing.	A man speaking into a microphone at an event.	entailment
A young man in a green shirt is jumping with his skateboard over three steps in front of a skyscraper. This guy is trying to perform new stunts and practicing for the big event. A boy is skateboarding near the San Jose Museum of Art. A man is skateboarding in a city.	A skateboarder doing a jump.	entailment
A woman in boots sings and plays keyboards from an elevated stage to a seated crowd. A woman singing and playing the keyboard for an audience. A large stage set-up with a woman on an electric piano. A woman plays a keyboard in front of an audience.	Owners watch.	contradiction
A man is kneeling next to a fountain with a statue next to him. A man cups water in his hands at a fountain with a statue. A man cleaning an object in the fountain. A man taking water from a fountain.	A man bending over.	neutral
An older woman wearing a blue shirt and white skirt is squatting down with two black cats and a multicolored cat in front of her. A loving woman kneeling down near three cats while tending to and feeding an injured cat. A white-haired woman wearing a blue shirt is squatting with three cats near her. Older lady feeding and nurturing her cats in the summer time.	A woman standing playing a guitar.	contradiction
A young girl dressed in a red hoodie, red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose. A girls in a red sweatsuit leaps through the air. A girl in red jumps across a path. Girl in red jumping up	A child skipping.	neutral
A man wearing all black plays a coffee-burst bass guitar with a band. A man dressed in black with a long beard is playing bass guitar. A band playing some music for some people. A band performing for an audience.	Men playing instruments on stage.	neutral
A man is in the ocean posing with his arms up in the air. Kids are playing in the ocean on sunny day at the beach. Two people are in the ocean. Kids playing in the ocean.	Boys wrestling.	neutral
A woman wearing a hat is using an umbrella to block the sunlight on a crowded street. A woman with a blue hat on holding an umbrella with a large crowd behind her. Peaceful crowd gathered in park setting listening attentively. A woman in a blue straw hat holding up an umbrella.	A group of workers stands.	contradiction
A young man with glasses wearing a white t-shirt and dark pants wipes his nose with his left hand. A young, well dressed man, in glasses rubs his nose on an over-the-street walkway. A young boy with glasses is covering his nose and mouth with his hand on a bridge. A black man is on a bridge.	A boy standing.	entailment
A young girl in a blue bathing suit jumps off of a yellow slide into the water. A little girl jumps from the yellow ladder into the swimming pool. A girl is jumping into a pool with two slides behind her. A girl goes down a yellow slide into a pool.	A child jumping.	entailment
An Asian youth with red hair and painted face plays a guitar and sings. A young woman playing guitar and singing on a stage. A young lady is playing a guitar and singing. A young musician plays her guitar and sings.	A singer playing an instrument on stage.	entailment
Two men and a woman are sitting at a table, the lady is holding a microphone and talking. Two white men and an African-American woman sitting at a table with a microphone. A woman in a brown dress is interviewing two men. Blue collar workers at a convention.	Guys joking.	neutral
Very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water. A little boy in a black shirt is leaning away from a water fountain. A little boy playing and getting wet from a park fountain. A child being splashed by a water fountain.	A kid does a trick.	contradiction
Group of people, from behind, seated in a line of desks by windows in library. Two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library. People are sitting at desks in a library. Person sitting at a desk in a library.	A girl sitting at a desk.	entailment
A crowd of young people lounge and amble over a large green field against a background of sky and trees. A view of large field ringed by trees, with a large group of people milling about on the field. Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass. The people are very crowded in the plaza.	A group running.	contradiction
The little boy in the red shirt is dancing with the lady in the brown shirt and blue jeans while two people look on. Two adults dancing with a little boy while another person standing in the background. Group of people teach a little boy in a red shirt and sneakers how to dance. A little boy and a woman dancing.	A man rising.	contradiction
Three men sitting near a conference desk with many papers on it. Three men are sitting at a conference table laughing. Three men are laughing at a joke around a table. Three men sit around a table.	A man texting.	contradiction
A man dressed in red and white holds out a basket while a young girl wearing pink donates to it. A person in a Santa outfit is greeting children outside a building while the parents watch on. A very skinny Santa Claus greets young children in front of a building. Man dressed as Santa talking to little girl outside of a store.	Men taking donations.	entailment
This is the image of six Asian children with tambourines. A group of six Asian children playing tambourines. A number of cute Asian children playing tambourines Asian children play tambourine.	A group stands.	contradiction
A man in black is playing a flute in a subway hall that has graffiti on the walls. A mysterious man is leaning against the white wall of a dimly lit tunnel. Flute player performs for commuters in an underground walkway. A man wearing all black plays the flue in a white hallway.	An older man playing an instrument.	neutral
Street with traffic with one person in crosswalk, two others at corner and one person sitting on ground. A woman crosses a street while traffic lines up in the opposite direction. A busy highway scene with a woman crossing a crosswalk on the left A lady crosses a busy road on the crosswalk.	Woman walking.	entailment
There is a crowd of sports fans, including a boy with a yellow and green painted face, in the front row of a stadium. Fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event. A man at a sporting even dressed in green and yellow is smiling. Patriotic team fans have fun while watching the game.	A family sits.	neutral
An elderly person wearing a very brightly colored shirt, playing the acoustic guitar. A person in a yellow-floral shirt is playing the guitar. A woman in glasses plays guitar. A happy Woman holding a guitar.	A man sitting playing an instrument on a street.	contradiction
Two young sisters pose while sitting on a big red quad. Sisters on a red four wheeler wanting to go for a ride. Two kids with blond hair sit atop a four-wheeler. Two young girls sitting on an all terrain vehicle.	Little blond children sitting.	entailment
The three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass. A group of young children playing in the grass with toilet paper Young children playing in a pile of toilet paper. Kids having play fight in toilet paper shreds.	A child hugging a little boy.	contradiction
A man wearing an orange and white striped shirt is standing in front of a food cart. A man underneath an umbrella stands next to a cart and chair on a sidewalk. A street vendor is adjusting merchandise on his cart. A man is standing beside a black folding chair.	Mom tending to children.	contradiction
Two dogs run towards each other on a rocky area with water in the background. A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore. Two dogs run across stones near a body of water. A brown dog is running after the black dog.	Dogs playing on a beach.	entailment
A woman looking up towards a wide ring, she is holding over her head, a drink in her other hand. A woman is looking at the ceiling while taking off her hat. A woman looking upward with her hand above her head. An attractive woman holds a halo above her head.	Women kiss each other.	contradiction
A group of five women and girls in bathing suits jumps into the water with their backs to the camera. Five girls in swimsuits, are seen from the back, jumping into the water. The five girls wearing swimsuits jump into the water. Girls in swimsuits jumping into water from behind	A woman holding a baby.	contradiction
Police in riot gear fill a street lined with spectators in red clothing. Large group of police wearing protection next to a crowd wearing red. Many police in shielded helmets are gathered underneath a railway. A riot squad making their way through a crowd.	Police stand.	entailment
A group of people look on as a large bunch of swimmers plow through the water near the banks. A group of people swimming in the ocean while a large group of people watch. A lot of people on the sand and in the water at the beach. People crowding around to watch boats in the ocean.	Women standing.	neutral
Here is a picture of a group of people, teens, and kids hanging out on the side of a wall and a girl walking home from the store. There are a lot of people on this street waiting for the bus and going to the train station. A group of people are standing next to a blue wooden fence while people walk by. People hanging out on busy street on a sunny day.	A woman walks.	entailment
A band with a female singer performs on stage with a guitarist wearing a green jacket. Guitarist and singer groove together, with their drummer in the background. A female singer and male guitarist and drummer perform on a stage. A band of three is on stage with their drums and guitar.	A man singing.	contradiction
A man works with spray paint on a fence wall near the side of the road. A guy in shorts and a backward cap is spray painting a wall outside. A shirtless man painting graffiti on a wall. A young man spray paints graffiti on a wall.	A man showing off his skills.	entailment
A mother dips pieces of fruit into a bowl of liquid chocolate as her anxious daughter looks on. A woman and young girl are sitting at a table and dipping fruit in liquid chocolate. A woman and a little girl wearing a bib eating a meal at a table. A woman and child dipping fruit in fondue.	Soldiers sitting.	contradiction
A group of people who are wearing costumes are standing in front of a blue building. A group of people dressed in very colorful authentic costumes make conversation. There are many people talking and laughing wearing very colorful clothing. The lady is smiling with the colorful dress.	A guy smiling.	neutral
A man with a beard and a navy blue backwards baseball cap stares intently at something in the distance. A black man with facial hair wears a navy hat and blue jacket in front of a white background. A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated. A man wearing a backwards baseball cap.	A man playing a guitar with another man.	contradiction
People pass each other on a busy city street while talking on their cellphones. People talking as they walk on cellphones outside by a green wall. People walking around talking on their cellphones. Men standing around talking on cellphones.	A man sits and looks at a screen.	contradiction
An older man, dressed professionally, is standing in front of a chalkboard holding a piece of paper. An elderly man in a blue shirt is talking in a room. A man who is old is having a long white mustache. A man is talking and holding a piece of paper.	A bearded man speaks.	entailment
A woman with short hair in what appears to be a busy public complex, with a purse slung over her shoulder. A woman is standing by a metal fence looking at something. A woman holding a black bag is holding on to a fence. A woman in a tan tunic leans against a gate.	Woman gazes into the distance.	neutral
A man in a black hat sells Russian hats and tourist goods at an outdoor stand. An outdoor vendor with a table full of hats, dolls and jewelry. A man in a black hat and plaid shirt sells hats on the street. A man is vending an assortment of hats.	Man falls while snowboarding.	contradiction
Two gray-haired individuals stand immediately behind a cluster of sheltered, outdoor tables that have people seated at them. A group of elderly men and women sit at tables outside under an awning, as others stand observing. Several elderly people spending time outside with each other. A group of elders gathers outdoors.	A bunch of people gathered.	entailment
A little Asian girl in a yellow shirt and blue shirt standing in front of a little boy with a sleeveless shirt and shorts on. A young boy and young girl both wearing shorts stand face on the street while an adult 's arm can be seen nearby. Two small children, one boy and one girl, standing near a street vendor talking. Two young Asian children stand together on a public street.	Children skating.	contradiction
Homeless man begging for money using humorous sign. A homeless man holding a sign written on cardboard A guy holding a sign, with a shopping cart. A man holds a sign seeking money.	Man studying.	contradiction
Two brunettes with brown eyes are looking into the camera. The two women are smiling at the camera. Two girls looking into camera and smiling A brunette and blond girl are smiling.	Women with long hair posing.	entailment
A woman in blue shirt stands with a hand over her brow as if she is thinking deeply about something. Woman, outside, wearing a blue shirt, touching her forehead. A lady in a blue shirt has a shopping bag under her left arm. A woman with long dark hair is scratching her forehead.	A lady walking.	contradiction
A group of three teen aged girls and one slightly older woman visit an retirement community. People having some gathering after attending a church service. A group of four girls meets with a group of elderly women. Young women joining seniors for a visit.	Some girls posing.	neutral
A group of friends playing cards and trying to bluff each other into making a terrible mistake. A group of college students gathers to play Texas hold em poker. Several men play cards while around a green table. A group of several men playing poker.	White men playing game.	neutral
A yellow car is driving through the street with three pedestrians on a sidewalk. People standing on a sidewalk and cars going down the road. Three people stand on the corner of a busy intersection. People on a street corner by a bright yellow car.	Women standing.	neutral
There is lady with the white apron has an utensil standing over a wok, a man in blue shorts and blue shirt sitting down, a person in a pink shirt and others are in the background all in one place. A lady attired in an apron stands over a kettle, preparing food, while patrons sit, chat, and dine in the background. A Hispanic woman is using an outdoors wok to cook. An Asian woman is cooking in an outdoor kitchen.	Large group sitting.	neutral
A man in a yellow shirt baits a hook of a fishing pole for a woman in a white top white a little girl in orange shorts stares off into the distance. A man helping a woman fix her fishing pole out by what appears to be a lake with a little girl playing next to the small foldable chairs. A man helps a woman with her fishing pole next to a lake. A father helps to ready the line for fishing.	Men converse with each other.	contradiction
A goal has just been scored in a soccer game between two teams, one wearing red and the other wearing yellow. A player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in. A few soccer players intently watch the ball and goalie. Several footballers watch a goalie try to defend a kick.	Two men playing baseball.	contradiction
A woman with glasses reads a paper while a guy with glasses in a blue shirt looks on. A woman with glasses is reading something as a man watches behind her. A man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper. A woman reading a handwritten paper while man listens.	A man measuring.	contradiction
A shirtless man in gray pants works at a conveyor belt beside a blue tarp on a boat which is surrounded by gray water. A man is standing in an open boat, examining a small engine which runs a conveyor belt. Bare-chested Asian laborer examining a conveyor belt motor. A man with no shirt works on a conveyor belt.	A man coming.	contradiction
The skateboarder is balancing himself and his skateboard on the edge of a brick wall. A skateboarder doing tricks on a brick wall next to stairs. A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard. A skateboarder is balancing on a brick wall.	A guy skateboarding.	entailment
The furry black dog is wearing a neon yellow collar. A black dog has an ice cream cone in its mouth. The black dog is wearing a lime green collar. A black dog enjoys an ice cream cone.	Dog sitting.	neutral
A young male wearing a helmet, gloves, and knee pads is skateboarding in the street. A man in a white shirt and helmet is riding a skateboard at an angle. A man skateboarding in the street with his arms raised. A padded skateboarder turns his board.	A skater slides down the wall.	neutral
A woman is reaching for something in her bag as they stand in front of a food stand. Man in a blue shirt at a food stand talks to two middle-aged women. Two women buying baked goods from a man at a market. Two women shop at an outdoor stand in Portsmouth, UK.	Man selling food.	entailment
A jockey stand up in his horse 's stirrups as the house trots along. A woman with a black helmet riding a brown horse. A woman wearing sunglasses rides a brown horse. Jockey riding a horse around the racetrack.	A man riding on animal.	entailment
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the saxophone with the rest of a band. A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone. Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best. The blond boy is playing the saxophone for a band.	A man plays an instrument in an orchestra.	entailment
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range. A skier performs a high jump in a snow-covered valley. A snow skier is taking a huge leap over a snow slope. Skier in red jumping high in the air over the snow.	A skier coming down the mountain.	entailment
A man with long hair and sunglasses is wearing blue clothing and paint while holding a blue guitar on a sidewalk. A man paint in blue, with a guitar trying to get money from people. A guy painted in blue plays his blue guitar on the sidewalk. A street performer and his guitar painted completely blue.	A musician poses.	entailment
In front of a decorated Christmas tree, four adults and two children sit or stand amongst gifts, and one of the adults gives a child a drink of water. A family, grandparents, parents, and children, are sitting in front of a fireplace and a Christmas tree opening presents. These are people gathered around the table playing Jenga. A family is opening presents on Christmas.	A group playing with blocks.	entailment
A young boy wearing a bright yellow raincoat, jean shorts and sandals squats down as he looks at an older boy and girl who are standing next to him and looking down some railroad tracks. Three children all wearing Capri pants and long-sleeved hooded jackets anxiously await a train. Three children look down the train tracks to watch the train come in. Three children are standing on the platform next to train tracks.	Children do cartwheels.	contradiction
A lady is filming school age children in an African village. Villager being captured on film for a documentary. African children and African woman in a circle. A group of African villagers at school.	Children having fun.	contradiction
Two adult men and several young men are sitting in the forest. Six boys and two men are beside a large tree. Kids are resting in the green outdoors. A group of males sitting outdoors.	Hikers resting.	neutral
Various people mill about a park, one man in black shorts and a yellow shirt sticking a thumb out and looking at some of the others while a woman walks on with her hands on her hips. A teen in a yellow shirt directs his team on a sports field. A boy in a yellow shirt is gesturing on a field. A man in a yellow shirt holds his thumb out.	A group playing sports.	entailment
There is a room full of pictures all in the wall and a woman in a coat is looking back over her shoulders strangely. A person with short blond hair and glasses looks confused, while standing in front of many portraits. A blond woman with glasses is standing in front of a lot of dolls and framed photos in a store. A lady in a black jacket standing in front of a lot of different random stuff.	Riders walk.	contradiction
Two men in red performance one-piece-suits, performing what looks like gymnastics feats in front of an audience, outside. Two muscular men in red doing performance art on a black mat on grass with an audience in the background. Two men wearing red suits perform in front of crowd. A big crowd is watching some kind of a game.	A group hugging each other.	contradiction
Two old men are on a balcony and one is looking at a small square of paper, and the other is holding a few sheets of paper. Two elderly men dressed up in classic time outfits, reading to a crowd. Men dressed in colonial clothing and announcing something important. Two men in hats holding paper on a balcony	Men having a beverage.	contradiction
Three men have gathered to take photographs at the top of the stairs of a marbled and pillared entrance to what may be a museum or art gallery because of a tapestry hanging in the forefront. A bride and groom having their pictures taken at the top of the stairs. A few people stand near white pillars in front of a yellow wall. A couple is having pictures taken next to a large building.	A man and a woman taking their photo.	entailment
Man in blue robes stands between a cloud of brown smoke and a crowd taking photos. A man wearing a gown walking up to a canvas, spectators watching A man wearing a dark blue robe performing a ritual. Aa man performs a ceremony.	A man doing some kind of procedure.	entailment
Three men wearing hats are sitting and drinking at a table. Three oriental elderly men sitting at a table drinking. Three old men sitting on a table and having drinks Three men are sitting at a table.	Guy jumping up.	contradiction
One lonely individual with a yellow backpack and khaki-colored ski pants is crosscountry skiing, high up in the mountains overlooking a large lake. A man wearing a blue jacket and a backpack is skiing through a snow covered forest. A backpacker in a blue jacket hikes up a winding trail on a snow covered mountain. A man is crosscountry skiing on a beautiful day.	A crosscountry skier skies.	entailment
Six young children are standing in an area shaded by trees viewing paper being tossed into the air. A group of children are standing and talking together under trees. Several children are standing on a sidewalk playing a game. A group of youngsters plays in a shady city park.	Some children drawing.	contradiction
A blond man in an office wearing shorts and a blue button down shirt is reclining in his chair with his feet on the desk and his hands behind his head. A man wearing casual clothes, with his feet up on the desk relaxing. A middle-aged casually dressed man props his feet on his desk. A man reclining with his feet up on the desk.	A man sits up.	contradiction
A view of participants playing a sack race in a park. People playing a game by jumping in beanbags. A group of people having a sack race. A group of people in a sack race.	A group has fun.	entailment
A small boy, wearing a yellow and red shirt, coloring on paper with a blue crayon. A young boy in a yellow shirt draws with a blue crayon at a small fold-out table. A young boy wearing yellow and red drawing with a blue marker on white paper. A small child is coloring with crayons.	Man doing karate.	contradiction
An older gentleman wearing glasses is working hard at a pottery wheel shaping brown clay. A balding man with glasses hand-molds a bowl out of clay. A man is making a bowl with a pottery wheel and clay. A man shapes and smooths the top rim of a clay bowl.	Man having dinner.	contradiction
A group of people are hiking on a mountainside overlooking a lake surrounded by evergreens. These people are hiking to the mountain climbing site. People rock climbing and hiking near a lake. Many people are hiking on a mountain.	A group stands.	neutral
The man in the dark blue jersey is holding a bat, and the catcher is holding his mitt out. Ballplayers in blue and white uniforms are on the field playing baseball. A baseball player swings at a baseball. A batter prepares to swing at a ball.	Catcher crouches.	entailment
A man and a woman in a gray business shirt pose with a man in an orange shirt. A woman smiles at the camera while two guys make a face toward each other. A group of friends posing for a photo. A candid moment between three friends.	Boys looking at each other.	neutral
In a red pavilion, three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold a bride 's long white train. Bridesmaids in green dresses holding the train of the bride 's white wedding dress. Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's wedding dress. Three bridesmaids, in blue dresses, hold up the end of a bride 's dress.	A woman standing and speaking.	neutral
A cowboy on a horse trying to lasso a bull at a rodeo. Cowboy at a rodeo hurls his lasso at a young bull. A cowboy on a horse at a rodeo. A man on a horse lassoing.	Men kick each other.	contradiction
Person in a black hat, jacket, pants and shoes sitting on concrete curb against a brick background. A girl wearing an hat and holding an iPod sits on the side of a building. A single woman wearing a black hat and leather jacket listening to music Person listening to mp3 player sitting on curb.	A man listening.	contradiction
A man with a white button up shirt and dark brown sweater vest playing drums. A young sweaty man with facial hair hits a symbol. A man in a brown vest playing a drum set. A man in a black vest playing the drums.	Someone playing an instrument.	entailment
People are walking on the street in front of tall buildings at nighttime. Outside in a courtyard, people are walking by in the nighttime A city at night with people walking around. Beautiful place at nighttime.	Two women looking at a table.	neutral
A large group of youths in similar red and white outfits play musical instruments in a stadium. Musicians dressed in red and white shirts and khaki pants, performing at a sports arena. A pep band in red and white uniform is playing while seated in a stadium. A band wearing red and white shirts playing their instruments at a game.	A band sitting.	entailment
Young girl with long, dark hair, in a tree. A little brown-haired girl up in a tree. The smiling girl has climbed a tree. A girl in a tree.	A child smiles.	entailment
A child in an all pink outfit climbs on a playground toy full of other children. Several children play on an orange and green merry-go-round. Children are playing on a playground. Children playing at a playground.	Children having a race.	neutral
People pass each other on a busy city street while talking on their cellphones. A man sits still on a milk crate while others rush past him in a blur. People talking as they walk on cellphones outside by a green wall. People walking around talking on their cellphones.	A man is holding advertisements.	contradiction
Snowboarder in air while wearing yellow spike cap. A snowboarder is airborne in front of some trees. A young man performs tricks on a snowboard. A man jumps while on a snowboard.	A man snowboarding near a forest.	entailment
A man wearing a cowboy hat and no shirt has his back turned and is being embraced by two women who are both smiling. Two women grope the rear end of the " Naked Cowboy " while he gropes them back in Times Square. Two African American women are touching the Naked Cowboy s buttocks while posing for a picture. Two women are holding the butt of a naked man	A woman jumping.	contradiction
There are a lot of kids wearing coats and two are sitting and other are standing. A group of children in coats are standing and sitting on a sidewalk. Children are wandering about, wearing jackets. The young girl came prepared for rain.	Children and their parents waiting.	entailment
Two people riding bicycles are stopped along with cars at an intersection after crossing the bridge in front of Marriott. Two bicyclists stop beside motor traffic at an intersection. Two people are riding their bikes in city traffic. Two women await a traffic light at the crosswalk.	A cyclist waits.	entailment
Two girls wearing orange outfits hold hands and smile. Two women wearing orange dresses hold hands. Two smiling girls that are holding hands. Two girls holding hands in orange clothes	Two girls walking.	entailment
A man wearing a black shirt has his hand on the back of a man wearing a red shirt. A man bows his head in prayer with another, as a third looks on. A praying man is comforted by another man in a parking lot. A group huddled together saying a little prayer.	Men standing.	entailment
A man and woman are talking at an outdoor flea market where art is on display. A man and a woman are standing around artwork. A man and woman talk at an outdoor art sale. A man is selling art to a woman.	A man clings to a cliff face.	contradiction
A girl has just jumped into the water as evident by the air bubbles around her. A person has just dove into a body of water and bubbles are going up. A woman diving in a blue swimsuit. A woman dives into the water.	A lady swimming.	entailment
Shows a crowd of people in front of a glass building with three country flags flying high. A crowd is standing around a building with three flags in front of it. People are standing by the flag poles outside a glass building. A group of people are in front of a building with flags.	A group learns.	neutral
A group of boys in blue and white standing at attention in front of a man in a hat. An old man in army fatigues addresses a line of children standing at attention. Children being directed by military men. Young kids been lecture by a veteran	Soldier standing.	entailment
A group of men in white robes and standing with their hands raised. Men with their hands raised are wearing karate uniforms. Men in white outfits are holding up their hands. A man is taking part in a religious ceremony.	Fighters fight.	neutral
A woman dressed in a light yellow tank top, white pants, and sunglasses looks to her right as she is drinking a bottle of water. A woman in a public place wearing a yellow tank top holding a bottle of water looking over her shoulder A woman in white jeans, and man in black shorts look opposite ways near a stand. Two people carrying water bottles pause at a market stall.	A man with a hat standing.	contradiction
The black and white dog catches the tennis ball in his mouth. A black and white dog catching a tennis ball in his mouth. A dog with a ball in its mouth sitting outside. A dog with a ball in a grassy field.	A dog stands.	contradiction
Two figures walking in front of an Asian fruit and vegetable market. People walking past a wall with Graphite and writing on the wall. Ho King produce store offering snow peas, broccoli, and napa. Pedestrians are walking past a closed Asian food store.	A woman walks past seated men.	neutral
A young man using a notepad and pen to diagram an image. A boy drawing in his notebook by the table. A kid is drawing something in a notebook. A boy drawing boxes on his notebook.	Many animals sit.	contradiction
A man wearing orange shorts stands near a man sitting on a concrete bench. Two men hanging out together near a tiled facade. Two men in shorts outside by a stone wall. Two men in shorts hang out at the beach.	Men share a laugh.	neutral
A child plays inside a shopping cart that has been stacked with others to create a cage. A young boy trapped in a shopping cart. A young boy tapped in a shopping cart. A boy inside a shopping cart.	A child climbing.	contradiction
A woman in blue looks in a black leather bag while sitting on a bench during a sunny afternoon while people and limousines passed behind her. An old woman is sitting on a bench, while behind her a limo pulls up and two people in white are walking by. Decorated limo passing by elderly woman waiting on park bench in Chinese street. A woman in a blue shirt is looking in her change purse.	A man walking in the opposite direction.	neutral
A group of people wait behind a barricade and look toward the right. A group of people waiting outside a fenced in area. A group of people wait behind a metal fence. A group of spectators enjoying an event.	A catcher stands.	neutral
A teenager jumps his bicycle over a ramp in front of a cream-colored apartment building. A BMX rider performs an aerial trick off of a jump in an urban environment. Male in the air on a BMX bicycle after having launched off a ramp. A man jumps off a ramp while riding a bicycle.	A bicyclist catches air.	entailment
A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on an unfinished roof at a lake-side home. A hard working man, working hard on a hot sunny day while fixing the roof. This man is roofing a house, he is wearing a hat. Some guy laying blue tarp on a roof.	A puppy stands.	contradiction
A group of people, led by a man with a backpack, are walking past people sitting on the grass in front of an old building. A group of people are walking in front of a large stone building. A group of people walk outside near some old buildings. A crowd of students roaming around a college campus.	A group gathers.	entailment
Small black and brown dog playing with a red ball in the grass. A brown and black Yorkie is playing with a red ball. A dog is staring at a red ball coming towards him. A small dog trying to catch a red ball outside	A black and tan dog jumps.	neutral
A man in a red shirt and blue hat travels the road on a motorcycle. A man with a blue helmet is on a motorcycle on a blue skied day. A man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle. A man wearing a blue helmet is on a motorcycle.	A man shines another man's shoes.	contradiction
Two people (man and woman in their late twenties or early thirties) on stage with a synthesizer and microphone. The keyboardist and a female vocalist share a microphone while a second man looks on. This two is having duet performing on stage, They are having fun. A male and female duo perform on stage.	A man conducting.	contradiction
The dog is in the snow in front of some trees. A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow. The white dog trotted in the snow. A dog stands in the white snow.	A dog walking.	entailment
Girls dressed in red and blue tops with large green skirts made to look like a roulette wheel perform outdoors. A group of various kinds of people wear black hats and skirts that appear to be based off of casino games. A group of people are dancing in colorful costumes in front of a Fired Earth interiors store. A woman is dressed up like playing cards for some type of parade.	A lady doing a cartwheel.	contradiction
A brown dog leaps in the air to catch a white volleyball. The leashed dog jumps high to catch the old soccer ball. A dog jumps to catch a toy near a brick house. The brown dog jumps up to catch the ball.	Dogs racing.	contradiction
Individual trying a task never done before but watching his image in the water below him. A man in a red and black biking outfit rides his bike on a bridge over a body of water. A man rides a bicycle on a small bridge over a body of water, possibly a swamp. A competitive biker rides a bike across a wooden bridge over a stream.	A rider is airborne.	contradiction
A red-haired woman sits on a couch with her legs crossed. A girl wearing a plaid shirt sitting on the couch. A redheaded woman sitting on a couch in a store. A girl is sitting on a floral couch in a store.	A girl taking a break.	entailment
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle. An older man wearing a hat is building a sand-castle on a public beach. A man is at the beach making a sand sculpture. Man building a sand castle.	A man using an object.	neutral
A woman in a white shirt and pink pants is standing behind a table laid out with cake, strawberries and punch. A smiling woman is standing behind a celebration table for a bridal or baby shower. The woman in pink pants and white top is being given a baby shower. A woman stands behind a pink table where a cake is displayed.	A woman braiding the hair of a woman.	contradiction
A lady and her daughter jump in a swimming pool. A woman and a girl splashing in water. A woman and a child play in the water. Mother and daughter play in the waves.	A woman holding a small girl.	neutral
Three children wearing Santa Claus hats smile, arms raised, in front of a Christmas tree. Three Children holding their arms up while smiling with a Christmas Tree in the background. Three young children strike poses wearing Santa-hats in front of a Christmas tree. The children with Santa hats are happily dancing around the Christmas tree.	Boys racing.	contradiction
Two firemen in gear standing in front of a firetruck with red light. Two firefighters are standing next to a firetruck. Two firemen getting ready to get onto a firetruck. Two firemen are standing next to their firetruck.	Two men standing by a truck.	entailment
Two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day. Several individuals are gathered on the beach. Two shirtless men walking on a crowded beach. Two fat white males are standing at the beach	A man holding a bottle.	contradiction
A little girl is running wearing boots and holding a shovel. Young boy running in the dirt with a small handheld shovel. A brunet child, wearing rain boots is playing in the dirt. A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs on dirt.	A child kicking a ball with a child.	contradiction
A man wearing glasses and a white dress shirt looks intensely at a glass of beer as he lifts it to drink. A man with an angry expression is drinking a large glass of beer. A bald man in a white shirt drinks a glass of beer. A man drinking a beer with an intense stare.	Men swimming.	contradiction
Several people are walking on a sidewalk while one person is lying down. Person laying on a busy sidewalk with people walking around them. Men and women walk past an artist on the sidewalk. Man laying on ground on a busy street.	A woman has fallen.	neutral
A little boy in a red shirt sitting on a wooden picnic table bench. A little boy lies down on a picnic table bench. A child is on a bench with arms stretched out. A child is lying down on a wooden bench.	A boy carries a girl.	contradiction
The boy is holding on to a rubber chicken with eight balls on its feet Small child holding onto hanging rubber chickens. A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air A little boy playing with two rubber chickens.	A boy walking.	contradiction
People sitting on the roof observing something in the distance. Several people are sitting on the back of a truck outside. A group of women sit on the back of a flatbed truck. Eight people sit on railroad tracks.	A man walks with a group.	contradiction
A man in black leather pants is holding something in his hand over the water, while standing on a bridge. A man standing in front of a gate wearing black pants and a red shirt. The man wearing the red shirt is looking over the walkway. A man on a bridge holds a blue object over the rail.	Guys cooking.	contradiction
It is a heavyset guy with a shopping cart filled with bags sitting on a bench. A fat man is sitting on a bench with his shopping cart next to him. A fat man sits on an outdoor bench with a grocery cart behind him. A big man sleeping in the chair	An older man resting on a bench.	entailment
A bride being escorted under an umbrella to a large black car A newlywed wife is under an umbrella held by a pastor. A bride takes cover under an umbrella. Newlyweds stand outside in the train.	A couple stands.	entailment
A black dog is trying to run with its legs buried in the snow. The dog is trying to outrun the deep snow. A dog plays in the snow. Dog lies in snow.	A dog with a collar biting another dog.	contradiction
A group of three boy scouts rest on a bluff overlooking the ocean. A group of people stand at the edge of a cliff over the ocean. Three scouts are on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean. Three men stand on a cliff overlooking a lake.	Two men build something.	contradiction
Two boys pose in front of a prehistoric garden sign that is attached to a chain link fence, while shrubbery grows in the background. Children playing in front of a sign for the " Hartman Prehistoric Garden ". Two little boys are at the Hartman Prehistoric Center. Two boys make silly poses next to a sign.	Some boys dancing.	contradiction
A masked doctor wearing glasses is performing a surgery. A doctor in blue scrubs performing an surgery. A surgeon is performing an open surgery. A surgeon performing surgery.	Doctors operate on a patient.	entailment
A man crouches over his plants with various plants and dirt in the background. A man with glasses tending to several small trees in pots. A man who is wearing glasses is planting trees. The man is working on his trees in the garden.	A man watching another man jump.	contradiction
A soccer player has just shot a penalty kick which the goalkeeper attempts to save it from going in. A goalie wearing a blue uniform attempting to stop a ball kicked by a man in a blue uniform. A goalie dressed in yellow blocks a ball kicked by a man dress in white and blue. A goalie diving for a soccer ball on a soccer field while the kicker watches.	A goalie jumping.	entailment
A couple on the stairs are photographing a man and woman embracing in front of a building. A man and woman pose outside of a building while talking to two other people. A couple stands at the top of the stairs and two people stand at the bottom. A man and woman stand at the top of cement stairs together.	A couple sitting.	contradiction
A cowboy in a blue vest is riding a Brahma bull, a man in a multicolored shirt is standing in the background. A true cowboy, this man holds on during an exciting rodeo moment. A cowboy with a black hat is riding a bull at the rodeo Cowboy riding a bull wearing a blue vest.	A cowboy riding a bucking animal.	entailment
A man in a green shirt on a half pipe, doing a skateboard stunt. A man on a skateboard while the crowd watches. A man does a jumping trick on a skateboard. A skateboard is sideways in the air.	A skateboarder jumping in the air.	entailment
A woman with a black shirt and black scarf looks at the camera while holding a cellphone. A woman with a scarf around her neck stops and stairs at the camera. A thoughtful woman walks down a metropolitan side street. A young lady toying with her watch.	A child reaches out.	contradiction
A brown-haired, little girl itches her eye in a stroller. A brown-haired young girl in a stroller rubs her eyes. A girl toddler sitting in her stroller rubs her eyes. Little girl sitting in a blue stroller.	Boys sit on the ground.	contradiction
The two girls on a field are running and just about to get to the soccer ball to kick it while another girl is running in their direction from behind as fans are watching it all from the stands. Women 's Soccer, Blue and white team versus Red and white team, Seems intense. Two soccer players fighting over possession of the soccer ball. Two soccer players are competing for the ball.	Two girls stand.	contradiction
A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players, a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on a stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band. A young man in a white T-shirt dances to the sounds of four men playing brass instruments on a stage. A man is dancing before a band of musicians. A man is dancing in front of a band.	Performer on stage plays music.	entailment
One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building. People that live in slums are showing how they attempt to clean. Three people are standing outside of a ghetto shack. Three people are shown living in poverty.	Two men work on a site.	neutral
On a sunny day, in a lush, green field, one small girl inspects a rock while her friend goes off in another direction. Two little girls both dressed in brown and one with a peace sign on her shirt play in a green meadow. Two little girls are in a meadow looking at nature objects. The blond girl is holding something from a plant.	Two children smile.	neutral
A young boy is getting ready to hit a pinata with a blue baseball bat. Boy in red shirt getting ready to hit the pinata. The young boy takes a swing at the pinata. A child gets ready to swing at a pinata.	Two boys and a girl playing.	contradiction
Several individuals getting together to play the bagpipes and eat some cuisine. A room with four people playing bagpipes with a couple other people watching. People playing bagpipes in a kitchen. A group of people playing bagpipes.	Men playing instruments.	entailment
Members of the military gather around some vehicles at night. Ground based military forces preparing to move out at night. People in the military are outside at night. A military branch prepare for their duties.	A crowd gathered.	entailment
A festive occasion with an ostrich walking in the street, with balloons in the air and people in colored hats. Young women wearing a pink walking in a parade. Several people are walking near an ostrich. A lady is wearing a pink cowboy hat.	Women stand.	entailment
A newlywed couple is cutting a cake and the bride has a huge smile on her face. A bride laughs as she cuts her cake with her groom in front of palm bushes. A newly married couple cutting the cake. A man and a woman are cutting a cake.	A woman has food.	entailment
Asian men are standing outside a Japanese building in colorful clothing. Five people are standing under an Asian archway. Guards standing in front of an arched entry. Persons standing underneath an arch way.	A group stands.	entailment
A man in a striped shirt conducts an orchestra in a large white room with wooden accents. An orchestra practicing and playing music in a hall without an audience. An orchestra in a large room rehearsing An orchestra in a large room.	An artist jumping.	contradiction
An Asian group eating at a modern restaurant with red walls and black and white lighting. Many people are sitting in a restaurant eating their meals. Asians eating in a restaurant with an orange motif. People eating at a Chinese restaurant.	Diners sitting.	entailment
A brown dog running through the grass and flowers. A dog running in a field of grass and flowers. A dog running in shrubbery along a stream. A dog in a field.	Dogs look at a squirrel on a path.	contradiction
Two people with blue pants and yellow safety vests sit at an open gate on a red and blue wall. Two people in yellow vests sit in front of gates. Two guards sitting and talking to each other. Two guards are sitting near an entrance.	Workers stand.	contradiction
Two men work inside a bike shop that is filled with many various kinds of bikes. A man in jeans holding a bike frame with another man in the background. A man who is in a repair shop that is preparing to fix a bike. A bearded man in a sweater repairing a bike at his bike shop.	A worker sleeping.	contradiction
Two men are riding down the street on a bicycle next to a gray building. Two people are riding at once on one single bicycle. Two African boys share a bike on a sunny day. Two people riding a bicycle.	Another teen sits.	contradiction
A man wearing a white and blue shirt cooking corn on the cob while a different man buys a piece of corn. A man buying corn on the cob from a street vendor. Male street vendor selling an ear of corn. A man at a food cart is serving corn.	Two birds standing.	contradiction
Three men stand on stage in tuxedos, the man on the left can be seen shaking the hand of someone. Men in tuxedos shaking hands stand behind a white flag. Three men in black tuxedos accepting an award. Three men accepting an honor	Other men watch.	neutral
A soccer player is laying down injured being assisted by the referee and another player. Soccer players express concern for an injured player lying on the field. An athlete is laying on a field while two people help him. A referee offers his hand to a fallen soccer player.	A crowd watches.	neutral
A group of schoolgirls are standing together while one is taking pictures. A group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph. A group of young women stand together. Girls in school uniforms.	A group waiting.	entailment
A man dressed in white walks a yellow rope on the ground that is attached to the handlebars of a bicycle. A man wearing all white is walking on a rope attached to a bike while surrounded by people. A bike sitting in a street with a rope tied to it and a guy walking on the rope. A street performer is performing with a bike in the foreground.	Men eat.	contradiction
A couple holding hands and a woman standing beside them pose on a tree lined dirt road. Three people stand on a path through the woods. Two women and a man posing on a rural path Three friends on a stroll in the forest.	A couple walking.	entailment
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail. A hiking tour for seniors on a clear day. Hiking group of people in the mountains. Several hikers are hiking along a trail.	Women modeling.	contradiction
A band with a female singer performs on stage with a guitarist wearing a green jacket. Guitarist and singer groove together, with their drummer in the background. A female singer and male guitarist and drummer perform on a stage. A band of three is on stage with their drums and guitar.	A man plays an instrument on a stage.	entailment
A man in a red jacket wearing snow gear is midair on a snowboard with a red structure in the background. A man dressed in red and black winter gear is airborne after hitting a jump on his snowboard. A snowboarder dressed in red is attempting to jump over a red board lying on top of snow. A man jumping over a red ramp on his snowboard in the dark.	A bird flies through the air.	contradiction
A man and women sit at a desk and smile at the camera while surrounded by stacks of paper. A woman and man at a desk with stacks of cash or currency around them. Two people sitting at a desk surrounded by large stacks of cash. A woman and man are packing money into squares.	A man drives.	contradiction
A woman wearing a hat, boots and leopard striped pants is sitting on a bench next to her purse. A woman in a black beret and leopard print tights sits on a bench. A woman wearing a hat sitting on a bench on the sidewalk. A stylish, blond young woman sitting on a bench.	A woman sits with her legs crossed.	entailment
A baby in a pink bib is drinking from two cups at the same time, while a woman looks at her. A toddler sitting at a table drinking from to sippy cups at the same time. The toddler is trying to drink from two sippy cups. A baby drinking from two bottles.	A group watching a lady.	contradiction
Man with curly brown hair, wearing a black coat and brown V neck shirt, sitting at a table with hands folded and rested on lap. A man in a black jack wearing glass is having a conversation with someone across the table. Here are a bunch of people enjoying dinner and chatting. A man sitting at a table with three other people.	A group enjoying their meal.	entailment
A motorcyclist in black and yellow is ahead of another, who is in blue and white. Two people, one in black and one in blue, are riding motorcycles. Motocross riders drift around a bend. Two people racing on a BMX track.	Man racing.	entailment
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head. Young man alone on a white-sand beach enjoys a snack under a beach umbrella. One Hispanic male sitting on the beach under an umbrella in the sun. A man is holding his beach umbrella as he smiles for the camera.	A child watches.	neutral
A brunette baby wearing a red and gray striped shirt, jeans, and a bib with fruit characters on it is sitting on a decorative blanket. Small boy with blue eyes wearing a white and red, orange and yellow bib A baby is sitting down with his mouth open. A young toddler drooling in a picture.	A baby makes a face.	entailment
A brunette woman with glasses and a heavy-lidded gaze looks at the camera with smoke in the foreground. A cloud of smoke floats in front of a young woman wearing glasses and multiple necklaces. There is smoke in front of a girl with glasses and lots of necklaces. A young woman wearing glasses blowing smoke.	A teen girl sits.	neutral
A man and a woman are paddling boards in a large body of water. Man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance. Couple slowly propelling on boards in the harbor. Two people Kayaking on the huge open water.	Women standing.	contradiction
A man with a rucksack, wearing shorts and sunglasses, waits to cross the road, while a young male with a bicycle looks at oncoming traffic. The man with the bicycle is waiting for the car to pass so he can cross the street. Two men, one with a bicycle, and a woman waiting to cross the road. A few people standing on a street corner waiting to go across.	A group waits.	entailment
A child wearing a white shirt cutting paper with scissors while an adult wearing a blue sweater looks on. A woman in a blue sweater at a child in a white shirt cutting paper. A woman and child are sitting at a table working on crafts. A woman is teaching a kid while cutting.	A little girl playing a game.	contradiction
A woman in a black dress and heels waiting to cross the street. A woman is standing on the sidewalk, in front of a crosswalk. A woman in a short black skirt waits on a street corner. A woman in a black dress waiting to cross the street.	A waiter waiting.	contradiction
Two guys playing a guitar on stage with many lights. Two men with guitars in a music place. Two men playing guitar in a band. Two guys rocking out on guitars.	A man stands on a boat.	contradiction
Three women are sitting on a bench under letters that spell out the name " JANE ". Three women sitting and talking in a tiled area under a sign Jane. Three young women sit outside Jane after a workout. Three women chat while sitting in a waiting area.	Dark complected women sitting.	neutral
A young man wearing a bandanna is lifting weights with a barbell. A young man struggles to lift barbell during a gym workout. Man in red bandanna straining to lift a heavy barbell. A man, in a blue shirt, lifts a weight bar.	A man smiling.	contradiction
A woman in a red sweater carries fabric and walks through the mud. A woman dressed in ethnic clothing is outside on a dirty street. A mother carries her child through a market on her back. A woman carrying her baby on her back in a city square.	Woman looking at the camera.	contradiction
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag. The blond woman is wearing a black, American flag, tartan cap. The woman is wearing a black hat with an American flag on it. A blond woman wearing a hat.	Some women laughing.	contradiction
Many people are dining at an indoor food court. Some people are eating at a food court. A candid photo of a mall food court. Many people are eating at a restaurant and a man in a blue shirt and glasses is standing	Men eat.	entailment
A woman in a long white dress and white boots is walking along a stone structure with white stone columns. A woman with a blue purse and short white boots is walking outdoors near some columns. A woman in a white, striped dress and white boots, walking along a marble platform. A woman walks on a sidewalk wearing a white dress with a blue plaid pattern.	Schoolgirls walk.	contradiction
Two Asian or Spanish people, a woman and a man, sitting together in front of a glass window as cars pass. A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman in a black and white blouse. A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman. A man and woman pose in front of some traffic.	A few couples sitting.	contradiction
Two men, one wearing a hat and one wearing a sweater, play with Legos with two young boys in blue shirts. A grandfather, father, and two sons are putting Lego pieces together at the kitchen table. Two men and two toddlers play with toys on their kitchen counter. Grandfather, Father and two sons are putting together a puzzle.	A man sticking out.	neutral
A man with a bandanna plays some homemade instruments in a crowded city. A man in a cap covered with bright buttons bangs pot lids together. A man with a blue hat and a blue shirt is holding pot lids. A man appears to be playing some sort of instrument.	A balding man sits on a porch.	contradiction
Six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building. A group of young men dressed in formal attire are standing outside of a marble building. A black man in a tux surrounded by five other men behind a metal gate. Six formally-dressed black men stand at a railing near a fire exit.	Guys converse.	neutral
A small furry brown dog is running on the shore of the ocean. A brown dog running along the dirt shore of a stream Dog running away from woman on the seashore. A small dog running on a beach.	A man and a woman sitting on a train.	contradiction
A group of five children and three adults look on while a fourth adult speaks on a beach. A group of men, women, and children, all wearing hats, talk on the beach. A crowd of individuals on the beach listening to a man. Grandfather explaining how to do something on a beach.	A family enjoys the day at the sea.	entailment
A man with a large plant reads a newspaper about how someone (besides him) is an idiot. A man reading a newspaper on the subway with a houseplant beside him. An old man reading a periodical sitting in a bus beside a houseplant. A man reading a newspaper while riding the subway.	An older man sits on a bus.	entailment
A petite woman in an apron smiles as she looks down at her turned over pan on a grill. A woman wearing an apron and plastic gloves is lifting the lid off of a baked good. A woman wearing an apron is baking a cake. A lady cooking a cake for her family.	Ladies carrying food.	contradiction
A middle-aged male with brunette hair, sitting in a green chair, writing in a notebook, sitting by a phone booth. Man sitting at the end of a row of green chairs by some payphones. A man sitting on a green chair in an airport. A man sitting next to a pay phone.	A man has a backpack.	neutral
A woman smiles tightly at a camera as another woman gestures to the right of her for the camera as a large group of people mingle behind them. A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people. Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people. A lot of people mingling and having fun at a get-together.	A group running.	contradiction
There four older people three are males and one is a lady and they all look lost. A group of older folks gather around a table looking off into the distance. Four older people are sitting outdoors at a restaurant. A group of elder people looking around.	Men sitting.	entailment
Two men are seen talking, one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary. Two men are standing and talking to each other, one of them is wearing a shirt that says " summer school. " A man in a white shirt advertising a summer school is talking to a man in a pink shirt in front of a crowd. Two men talking, one wearing a Summer School shirt.	A man goes down a slide.	contradiction
A young girl sporting a pink and brown shirt blows a bubble with gum. A young girl blows a bubble with her chewing gum. I young girl is blowing a bubble with gum. Girl blowing a bubble from her mouth.	Kids eating.	contradiction
One white dog and one brown dog playing with a stick. A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass Two little dogs run through the leaves. A brown dog chasing a white dog.	A dog walking.	contradiction
A boy and girl bounce on a trampoline nearby a playground and area of foliage. A little girl and boy jump on a trampoline outside. Two children bounce on a trampoline. Children playing on a trampoline.	Two small children sitting.	contradiction
Man in black shirt singing into microphone and playing a guitar. A man wearing a black shirt sings and plays a guitar. A scruffy looking man is playing guitar and singing. A brown-haired male singing while playing a guitar.	A street performer plays drums.	contradiction
Young girl blowing party popper with a laughing woman beside her. One girl about to blow on a streamer, while the other laughs. A woman laughing and a man using a noise maker. Two women sitting together.	Woman with blond hair smiles.	neutral
A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball. A men 's tennis match on blue court, shows player perfectly catching and returning the ball. A professional tennis player returns a shot with a back hand from no man 's land. A tennis player returns a serve back to his opponent.	Two men surrounded by trees.	contradiction
Men, women and children are enjoying a meal outside on the patio. The man is reaching across the table to get more food. A group of people are sitting around a table. People eating a meal at a shared table.	Team sitting.	entailment
One bird opens its mouth while the other bird looks back at it. Two birds are fighting each other in tall grass. Two colorful birds facing each other. Two birds interacting in the grass	Animals standing.	entailment
A man and woman stand on a boulder by the river as he sweeps her off her feet. A man in a navy coat leans in to kiss a woman in a cream coat. A couple embracing while standing on a rock. An Asian man and woman embrace playfully.	A couple makes faces for a photo.	contradiction
A man with a blue shirt and glasses points to a picture in a book in front of a little girl and a stack of books. A man in classes and a suit read a children 's book out loud to a child. A man reading a picture book to a child. A man is reading a picture book aloud.	Children walking.	contradiction
Two brown-haired guys and a redheaded guy sitting on a bus. Three men are riding on public transportation. Three young men take public transportation. Passengers riding the rail through town.	Men passing buildings.	entailment
A woman in yellow shorts and a red bandanna wrapped around her head is walking in the street in front of a blue house. A woman wearing a red cloth on her head passes in front of a blue shack while as she walks down the street. Woman in red bandanna and yellow shorts walking past bright blue house. A woman walks near a house.	A teen walks.	contradiction
Two sisters race through the hallways in the house. There are two small girls smiling in a hallway Two small girls running down a hallway. Two young girls at play in a home.	A woman standing in the background.	neutral
There are three men on horses, 2 with red shirts, and the third with a white shirt is getting bucked off while people spectate. Three men on horses, one of them with his legs up in the air is being bucked off his horse. Two men on horses look on as another man is bucked off the back of his horse. Two men on horseback watch as another man is thrown from his bucking horse.	Men on animals chasing an animal.	neutral
One man and one woman in the field, guiding two cows through the fields. Man and woman leading two cows through a field to fertilize soil. A man and woman turn over the soil in an open field. A man and a woman on a farm field behind two bulls.	Animals pulling a plow.	entailment
A team of rescuers wearing reflective vests descend a staircase carrying orange life preservers. Emergency workers with hoses lined up and descending down stairs. A group of construction workers going down a flight of stairs. A line of workers walking down stairs.	A man stands out.	neutral
A person in a white and red shirt and green backpack hiking on a mountain. A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him. A person wearing red and white climbs a foggy mountain. A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountaintop.	Groom walking.	contradiction
A redheaded woman looks behind her in a European courtyard. A woman stands in the middle of a brick road. A woman with orange shoes stops in a square. Woman in long skirt in a town square.	A girl with bags walks.	contradiction
A woman wearing a black pencil skirt and white button-up shirt with flip-flops walks across the street. A blond woman in a pencil skirt and sandals walks down a street with other people behind her. Women in white top and sandals walking down the street with a building in the background. Attractive woman in comely business attire walks the urban streets.	A woman is sitting down.	contradiction
A woman standing in front of a fence by a large body of water wearing a white top and jeans with a plaid bunny purse on her shoulder. A young female standing on the deck of a boat staring at her cellphone while riding on the water. Young lady on a ferry takes a photo of the water with her phone. A lady riding a boat looking out at the water.	A woman enjoying the day.	entailment
A large group of football players sitting on a field wearing red and white jerseys. A group of football players in red and white uniforms. Many football players sitting on the ground. African Americans play football.	Two men sit on the grass.	neutral
A woman in a white sweater looks at three types of lamps in an art display, while a man with a shaved head looks on in shadow. A dark-haired woman is standing in a room with unusually-shaped, colorful lamps with her arm stretched out. A woman designer extolling the virtues of one of her paper lamps to a potential client. A woman stands near a light fixture next to a man.	A woman gets in line.	contradiction
Man in funny hat and bowtie working hard at making stuff A man wearing an apron and a bowler hat is smiling. A man in a bowtie is working with wood. An older man posing for a picture.	A man holding pieces of wood.	neutral
A girl wearing a t-shirt is taking notes in a spiral notebook with a pink pen. Woman highlights work she has done on her notebook. A young woman in a green t-shirt is taking notes. A young woman is taking notes from a textbook.	A girl using a pen.	entailment
A woman dances along with a dancing video-game projected on large screen behind her. A girl is playing a virtual video game while her image is displayed behind her. The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen. A woman is dancing on stage in front of a screen.	A woman with her arms raised smiles.	contradiction
Woman sitting on the bleachers in a cowboy hat watching some sort ranching competition. Woman in cowboy hat sits in the stands. A woman sits in the stands at a rodeo. Girl in cowboy hat looks unhappy	Two girls laughing.	contradiction
A girl all in black and white, and carrying an umbrella, walks down the street, as others watch. The lady in the street is wearing a white and black costume and is carrying a white umbrella. A woman with a shaved head dressed in black and white in a parade A performer dancing in the streets wearing an exotic outfit	A woman stands in the middle of a street.	entailment
A mountaineer in a red parka digs his two ice axes and crampons into a frozen wall of ice. Man in red jacket climbing ice face. A boy in red shirt playing ball. Man in red coat climbing ice.	A man using picks.	entailment
A casually dressed man gases confused at a pile of ingredients sitting on a kitchen counter. A man is tossing an onion in the air as he prepares to slice it. A man is tossing an onion in the air in the kitchen. Man tossing an onion in the kitchen.	A parent cooks.	neutral
A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans is standing next to a red bicycle that has a rider siting on it. A man in a white shirt holds onto a bicyclist, surrounded by more bicyclists. A man holds up a contestant in a bicycle race. A man standing with a female cyclist.	Men riding bikes on a track.	entailment
Two women standing in front of a fence looking at mountains. The two women are looking at mountains at a fence. Two people take in the view from behind a fence. Two people look at a view.	Women watch.	entailment
A small child perches himself of a rock on the shore of a pond with a dog close by. A young child is enjoying the water and rock scenery with their dog. A young boy and his dog play at the edge of a public beach. A small child in a diaper is with a dog in the river	A golden dog standing.	neutral
Young gymnasts execute a team move while spectators record the show. Two girls in a bathing suit hold up another girl in fun. Two girls are raising another girl in the air. Two girls are holding another girl in the air.	Children living.	entailment
This is couple hiking over some rocks in a park of some sort. A guy and a girl are rock climbing with backpacks on. A male and a female are hiking in the woods. A man and woman are touring a mountain.	A man stands next to machines.	contradiction
Two women, one old and one young, and wearing long black coats are looking at something from a sidewalk. Two women in long black coats look off in the distance at something. A young woman and an older woman gazing off of a street bridge. Two women looking off a bridge at something.	Women standing.	entailment
A man holding a bottle wearing tan pants talking to security officers in front of a large poster. Two men in black uniforms talking to a man holding a bottle of soda. Two uniformed law enforcement officers speaking to another male. A man talks to two guards as he holds a drink.	A sailor talking.	neutral
This is a picture of three young men, dressed in suits with one on a bike, and of a young lady wearing a white dress. Three boys in suits and sashes and a girl in a dress in sash in a field. Four young people stand near a bike with two flags on it. Four people posing for a photo in front of a pond.	Man standing beside a bicycle.	entailment
A young man wearing a paint mask while standing next to a spray painted painting on a canvas and easel. A dark-haired male wears a gas-mask while spray painting a canvas by a big stone wall. Man in a gas mask completes a painting outside a wall. A young man in a striped shirt with a gas mask on.	An artist standing.	entailment
A young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down The boy is wearing a black t-shirt with an AD parody of the AC logo. A boy has his head down and is wearing a shirt that says ADHD. Young boy with a black " ADHD " t-shirt nodding off	A child looking down.	entailment
Someone is carving a wooden dowel using a knife, their left hand and right foot- you mostly see their bare feet. An individual is scrapping the bottom of their right food with a blade they have in their hand. A person in tan pants is shaving skin off of their feet using a file. A man is crafting a wooden piece using a tool and his feet.	A man serving food.	contradiction
Group of people standing on sidewalk in an Asian marketplace. Some people stand outside of a Canton Kitchen in New York. A group of four people congregate on a sidewalk. People standing in front a Chinese restaurants.	A group speaking.	neutral
A barefoot person in a yellow shirt, blue pants and tan hat sweeps a checkered floor. A man is mopping and black and white checkered floor. A woman is standing on a tile floor and sweeping. A man with a yellow shirt and blue pants.	A man having coffee.	contradiction
A hiker stands on a hill looking into the distance. A backpacker looks over a cliff towards the fog. A backpacker looks toward a foggy landscape. Hiker with yellow backpack stares into fog.	Men speaking to each other.	contradiction
Two girls stand in front of a Christmas tree, with their arms around each other. Two young girls pose smiling for a picture with a Christmas tree behind them. Two girls who look alike pose in front of a Christmas tree. Two girls pose for a picture at Christmastime.	Women smiling.	entailment
A cheering squad doing their stunt by throwing one cheer dancer in the air and the rest getting ready to catch her. A cheerleader dressed in an orange and white outfit is tossed in the air by four other cheerleaders on the ground. Four cheerleaders in white, gray, and orange uniforms tossing a fifth into the air. A group of cheerleaders doing a throw and one in the air doing a split.	Women doing a routine.	entailment
A girl basketball player in a white jersey is in the process of making a move with the ball around an opposing player in a blue jersey. A girls basketball game with the girl on the white time dribbling the ball with the girls in the black on defense. A ladies basketball game in progress the team in white has the ball with the opposing team wearing blue. A girl has the ball in a game of basketball	Girls playing on a tree.	contradiction
Three young men, one of which is wearing a white hat, are huddled together around bicycles on a wooden platform. Three young men are examining a red bike with yellow handlebars. Three young men are inspecting their bicycles in the sun. Three people are looking at the tire of a bike.	Men crowd around.	entailment
A baby boy in a car seat is asleep and crying. A baby in a blue shirt cries in his car seat. An infant sits in a car seat and cries. A baby in a car seat crying.	A toddler crying.	entailment
An man with dark hair is sleeping reclined in an office chair by a computer. Man leaning back in his chair sleeping in an office. A man in a desk job falling asleep. A man is sleeping at his desk.	Men visiting.	contradiction
Two brunettes with brown eyes are looking into the camera. The two women are smiling at the camera. Two girls looking into camera and smiling A brunette and blond girl are smiling.	Two women posing for a picture.	entailment
A pair of kids wearing life jackets raise their canoe paddles. A group of young people are boating and wearing life jackets. Two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river. Kids out on a river touch the ends of their oars.	A boy playing tennis.	contradiction
A flaming red-haired middle-aged woman with pale skin is standing in front of a brick wall. A girl with extremely red hair, blue eyes, and fair skin waves. A beautiful red-haired woman is posing for the camera. Girl with red hair modeling.	Woman chases.	contradiction
A man battles the waves as his yellow kayak goes perpendicular in the water. A man in a yellow kayak negotiates some white water. The man in the yellow canoe is in a large wave. A man in a yellow kayak riding through rapids.	A man has a tool.	contradiction
A man is standing at the front of a conference room with people sitting at rows of tables next to a table with a laptop and projector. A man stands beside a projector in a dimly lit conference room while some people who are wearing dress shirts are talking. A man is standing by a table in a banquet room filled with people and tables. A dining room full of people eating and a waiter serving them.	A group watches a presentation.	entailment
Cowboy is riding a bucking horse in a red shirt, blue jeans, and cowboy boots in a rodeo. A cowboy wearing a pink shirt attempting to ride a bucking horse. A cowboy in a pink shirt is riding a bucking horse. A cowboy is riding a bucking bronco at the rodeo.	A bucking animal throwing a man.	entailment
A young dreadlocked woman is on stage, singing and playing acoustic guitar. A solitary guitar player with dreadlocks sings into a microphone on stage. A person playing a guitar while singing into a microphone. Person on stage singing and playing a guitar.	A musician playing his instrument.	entailment
Man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch. Large green lawn with a man and a building in the background. A man is near a park bench in front of a nice lawn. A man in a doctors coat emerges from a building.	A man standing.	entailment
A bicyclist is attempting a trick over a jump nearby a bush and wooden building. Person jumping bicycle off cliff beside building on hill A biker spins his bike in the air above the ground. A person on a bike get airborne.	A group of cyclists riding their bikes.	contradiction
Three people in a line crossing a street in front of a delicatessen. People are walking in the crosswalk beside a blue-gray store. Three people using the crosswalk to cross the street. People of varying height are crossing the street.	A woman and a man walking.	neutral
There are three policemen on bikes making sure that the streets are cleared for the president. A special celebration with men wearing yellow in motorcycles leading the event. Men dressed in yellow jackets riding motorcycles. People riding on motorcycles.	Officers riding animals.	contradiction
A person with long hair and a black coat stands in the street in front of a bus while people on the sidewalk look on. A woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus. The person looks cautiously into traffic to be sure no car is coming. A person stands in front of a white and red bus.	Man standing with back to camera.	contradiction
Two men, one with a black shirt and the other with a white shirt, are kicking each other without making contact. Two men kick in the air at each other on a grassy area, while another man watches them in the background. Two guys are practicing karate in front of a parking lot. Two men are trying to kick each other.	A man stands in a laundromat.	contradiction
One police officer standing on the street along with three police officers on horseback. Three mounted police stand in the middle of a street. A troupe of police officers atop horses in the city Police on horseback at an outside protest.	A group standing.	neutral
Two men in coats are talking under an umbrella. A cart with an umbrella sits between two men. A person is talking to a newspaper salesman. Two men are conversing with one another.	Man standing in the rain.	neutral
A dirt biker coming around a turn on a track with the word ATHENA in the background. A motorcyclist makes a sharp turn during a road race. Motorcyclist on motorcycle racing around track. A motorcycle rider is making a sharp turn.	A motorcycle racer leans.	entailment
People who work in a restaurant are out on the balcony chatting with each other, one in black is sitting on the ledge. A girl in black is sitting on the ledge of a balcony, and she is speaking with a group of chefs. The three chefs and two waitresses are hanging out on the balcony. Chefs on a balcony take a break from work	A group talking.	entailment
A man in a green shirt on a half pipe, doing a skateboard stunt. A man on a skateboard while the crowd watches. A man does a jumping trick on a skateboard. A skateboard is sideways in the air.	A child jumps up.	contradiction
A man playing an acoustic guitar on a stone ledge in public with his belongings by his side. A man dressed casually and playing his guitar for tips. A man plays guitar along the side of a street. A man plays his guitar while sitting.	A man walking while playing his instrument.	contradiction
Eleven children sit next to each other on a stoop in front of a blue grating while holding objects in front of their eyes. Smiling children are sitting on concrete slab displaying a small item in their hands. Several young children are sitting outside laughing and looking through objects. Eleven children sitting together, holding something up, and laughing.	Children eating lunch.	contradiction
A show jumper wearing a blue helmet rides a white horse over wooden fence that is decorated with red and yellow flowers. A rider on a white horse is in the middle of a jump over a hurdle. The rider is practicing jumps on a beautiful white horse. An equestrian and horse make a jump on a course.	A skater jumping.	contradiction
A police officer stands between dragons in a Chinese New Year celebration. A man in black stands between two huge soft toys at a fairground. A police officer in the middle of a parade A police officer keeps watch a parade.	This policeman standing.	entailment
A brown dog on the beach with a yellow ball in his mouth. A dog runs in the water with a tennis ball in its mouth. A yellow dog carries a ball in its mouth on the beach. A tan dog runs at the beach carrying a yellow ball.	A dog walks.	contradiction
Two workmen in jeans pave the floor at a transportation stop next to a barren hill. Construction workers tend to the floor of what appears to be a mass transit stop. Two construction workers smooth out concrete surface. Two guys setting the cement.	A guy flies.	contradiction
A person in a black shirt and red dress and a monkey mask is being lifted into the air by his or her partner while a group of people look on. A sitting crowd is watching one man, wearing a red shirt and black pants and suspenders, lift another man, wearing a mask, into the air. People watch as a man in an orange shirt holds someone with a baboon mask over his head. Costumed revelers enjoy a cloudy day at the park.	A group squatting.	contradiction
Man outside in the rain promoting a 50 % off sale. A man is waving as he is crossing the street. Person in raincoat pointing to sales sign. A man is directing traffic in the rain.	A man puts his hand.	contradiction
Two young girls with backpacks are riding a bike, passing a derelict looking building. Two young girls riding a bike with a basket during the day. Two little girls are riding one bicycle. Two friends ride a bicycle.	Children ride bike on street.	entailment
A little girl in a pink cowgirl hat and blue cast over her arm, is walking a sheep. A girl wearing a pink hat is walking beside a sheep on a dusty path. The girl is wearing a pink cowgirl hat and pink boots. A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.	A child holding an animal.	entailment
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on. A man in black and white outfit jugging large white rings. A man is standing in the road, smiling. A juggler bowing after a performance.	A man holding one ring in each hand.	entailment
An orange-clad downhill skier is in midair on a jump. Skier in midair with forest in background. Snow skier flies high through the air. A person is skiing in a race.	Someone walking outside.	contradiction
Several people are around a table in the dark where several red and white candles are lit, and some of them hold up two or three fingers. Multiple people with candles all around or in hand are facing the camera as they each have different numbers of fingers held up. A group of people in dark room holding candles and making the hand gesture " three. " A group of people waving at a camera while holding candles.	A group celebrating.	entailment
An elderly Latino man on crutches makes his way through traffic. A man with crutches passes behind a white truck. A man in a blue shirt is walking with crutches. An elderly man with crutches hailing a taxi.	An older gentleman walking.	entailment
Two white dogs with muzzles are jumping over a small barrier in a race Two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item. Two white dogs wearing muzzles jump over a white board. Muzzled white dogs running.	Two dogs play in the grass.	neutral
A little girl has her hands in a pool of water that has lilypads. A young girl looks at her hands as she holds them under the water. A young girl has her hands in a tub of water with leaves in it. A girl putting her hands into dirty water.	Children doing a performance.	contradiction
A man with glasses and a gray sweater is laughing. A man in a gray sweater and glasses is laughing. An older man laughs while cruising on a boat. An older man with big teeth laughing	A man smiling at something.	entailment
A white and brown dog stands on a stone wall at night whilst snow is falling. The dog stands on something while the snowfalls around him. A dog stands on a bench while snow is falling. A dog stands on a bench in the snow.	A man standing.	contradiction
Passengers wait to board another train as a witness snaps photos. A group of people at a train station for the arrival of a train. A group of men are waiting at a train station platform. A tall man in a gray suit walking towards the train.	A man gardening.	contradiction
A black-haired man dressed in black is blowing into an object while situated next to someone in pink. A man dressed in black, with full cheeks, is blowing into an instrument. A man is blowing into a long pipe A man blowing in a long tube.	A man is airborne.	contradiction
A silhouette of a child playing in the beautiful ocean at sunset. A person is wading in the ocean. A person standing in the ocean. A man standing in the water.	A man walking a pig.	contradiction
A group of children running up to a sandy area to find multicolored paintings on the ground that each have a letter of the alphabet affixed. Kids in jackets standing on sandy ground amid a scattering of large numbered pictures. A group of children is outdoors looking at some photos that are on the ground. A group of children look at pictures scattered on the ground.	Two children running through the sand.	entailment
People are gathered under a big red " De Koninck " umbrella while men in orange talk to the side. A group of people outside in orange t-shirts under a De Koninck tent. Several men dressed in orange gather for an outdoor social event. A bunch of people in orange shirts at an event.	Groups having conversations.	entailment
An older couple is walking past a Jewelry store on a sunny day. Two elderly people are walking down the street on a sunny day. Two older people walking down a busy street on a sunny day An elderly couple walks together.	A man stands in front of a woman.	contradiction
Two dogs are fighting and playing with each other while running through some grass. Two brown dogs with blue collars are running in the grass. There are two brown dogs playing in field. Two dogs are playing in the grass.	Dog biting.	neutral
A sole violinist singing and playing under the spotlight. A man performing on stage with a violin. A man is playing a violin on a stage. A Man in a gray shirt playing violin.	A musician plays an instrument.	entailment
Five men wearing white overalls are lounging in the middle of a grassy field. Some Caucasian athletes are relaxing on a field. Five cricket players are lounging on the grass. The players are resting after a hard game.	A man carving.	contradiction
A young boy chasing a dove after it had tried to steal food that had been the boy 's lunch. Little boy trying to chase a black crow. A boy chasing a pigeon on a pier. A boy that is chasing a bird.	An animal flying through the air.	entailment
On the face of a smooth, steep rock, a man who is mountain climbing and who is attached to a blue rope that has been fastened to the rock, is seen from below. A rock climber checking the terrain while staying near the safety cord. Man is climbing the wall to the top of the mountain. A man scales a large rock wall.	A climber stands.	neutral
Four men working outdoors squat over a long, thin, white line on the ground, on a surface resembling a tennis court, with one of the men to the left wearing an orange safety vest. Four men are pointing to a measuring stick while crouching. Four men use a measuring tape on a green surface outdoors. A group of men work together to complete a project.	Man getting ready.	contradiction
A woman and four young boys gather on the porch of a somewhat rundown wooden house. Four children and a woman in red pants sit on a rickety wooden porch. A woman and a group of children living in poverty. A young boy in a white t-shirt smiling.	Children playing on a path.	contradiction
Children in flamboyant red, white, and gold costumes dancing in a parade. A girl in a red and white costume with onlookers behind her. A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street. A girl in a costume participates in a parade.	A small girl dancing.	entailment
A man with a beer in his hand and people behind him. A man with brown hair is wearing a button up shirt. A man in a patterned shirt holds a beer bottle. A man in a printed shirt holding a drink.	A man canoeing.	contradiction
An individual is making a transaction at an ATM alongside another family making a transaction. Two women are at ATMs getting money out and the lady on the left has two children. A woman makes a transaction at an automatic teller machine. A woman with a blue bag in front of an ATM getting money.	Several soldiers standing.	contradiction
An equestrian rider in uniform jumps their white horse over a fence. A person riding a gray horse who has just jumped. Rider riding horse as it jumps over a fence. A rider on a horse landing from a jump.	An animal ridden by a jockey.	entailment
A middle-aged ethnic woman carrying a bundle of sticks in a pack on her back. A foreign woman has a basket on her back that is filled with wood A middle-aged woman is carrying a load of branches on her back. A woman with a lavender shirt carries a large bundle of wood.	A woman stands in the rain with her umbrella.	contradiction
Two men are in the middle of an MMA fight and a referee is in the background. Two men fighting in a ring and one of them getting punched in the ribs. Two fighters, one of them mid-punch. Two men fighting in a MMA match.	Men greeting each other.	contradiction
A man wearing a red name-brand shirt with stripes on it and red sun glass and a red hat has some kind of music player in his hand that he is listening to with blue earphones. A man wearing a red hat, red jacket, and red sunglasses is listening to his music player. A guy in all red listening to music is wearing sunglasses. A man dressed in red fiddling with his mp3 player.	Guy relaxing.	entailment
A group of men of varying nationalities hold multiple American Flags and make peace signs for a picture. People in costume and hats pose with American flags and fingers held up with the number three. A group of people holding up the American flag. A group of males are holding an American flag.	A group enjoying the company.	neutral
A young couple gaze into each others eyes while riding an escalator in a shopping mart. A man and a woman are on an escalator looking at one another. A man and a woman riding on an escalator making eye contact. A couple going up an escalator.	A man stands.	entailment
A gray dog jumps through the air over a gravel path. The furry brown dog is jumping on the concrete. A dog leaping on pavement. A black dog jumping.	A dog runs across a street.	contradiction
Older male saving money by taking his laundry to be done with the bicycle instead of the truck. An older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars. A middle-aged mustachioed man riding a bike with a laundry hamper on the handlebars. An older man on a bike carrying a laundry basket of clothes.	A man resting.	contradiction
A young boy, wearing goggles and a heads-up light, and a young girl, are smiling. Two kids, one wearing glasses and a headlamp, are smiling. A boy in goggles plays with a read-haired girl. A crowd of people outside.	Boys gesturing.	neutral
A woman with a hot pink inflatable bed is walking along the water with a young girl in a red dress. A woman carrying a pink air mattress, while walking with her daughter. People walking on a paved walkway near a sea port. A woman and girl walking and holding beach toys.	A boy learning.	contradiction
Three dogs are playing with a yellow ball in a grassy field. A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field. Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field. Three dogs play together in the field.	A black dog fighting.	contradiction
Two small blond children holding stick while standing in a crowd n the city. Two blond children, a boy and a girl, hold sticks and smile. The little girl and boy are entertained as the crowd watches. Two younger children are at an event both holding two sticks.	Kids rollerblading.	contradiction
Candlelight vigil with many individuals holding signs including the word " trees " A group of people have a candlelight vigil in honor of saving trees. A line of people hold candles and signs to promote saving trees. Young people protest the cutting down of forests.	Men holding lit candles.	entailment
Three girls playing basketball, number 35 holding an orange, white, and black basketball. Three girls in red and white uniforms playing basketball. Girl in a white and red jersey holding a basketball. The young girl is playing basketball.	Soccer players chasing a ball.	contradiction
A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park. Two people are at the edge of a lake, facing the water and the city skyline. A child and a woman are at waters edge in a big city. A little boy at a lake watching a duck.	A bird swimming.	entailment
A girl with a balloon animal in her left hand looks up as a person on stilts leans down to show the girl something. A person dressed up as a doctor while wearing stilts is pretending to examine a child in a striped sweater. A person standing on stilts is bending over. A kid is having fun watching performance.	A man on stilts entertains a child.	entailment
A group of children are talking to an official. Group of children listening to security guard. A policeman is talking to a little crowd. A group of people gathering outside.	A group standing on a hill.	neutral
Adults and children are enjoying the pool, some are in the pool and some are sitting around the pool in lounge chairs. A man in black swimming trunks has his hands pointed to the sky in front of a pool with seven people in it. A large group of people of all ages playing in and around an in-ground swimming pool. Many people either sitting around or inside of an outdoor pool.	Some men rollerskating.	contradiction
Two people fence with one another, and one is poked in the stomach. One person scoring a hit on another person while fencing. A fencing match between Russia and Italy. Two swordsmen practice their sport.	Skiers competing.	contradiction
A man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head. A woman in a white dress is trying to give a man in a suit bunny ears. A woman in a white dress puts bunny ears over a bald man. Newlyweds comically gesture in a grassy field.	A groom poses.	entailment
A lone cyclist rides down a road next to an old stone wall. A person in a red shirt is riding a bicycle down a road. A solo cyclist is riding down a windy road. One man in the distance on a bicycle.	A man and a boy are bicycling.	contradiction
A small boy wearing baseball regalia holds a bat behind his head with a baseball mounted in front of him. The little boy lifts his leg and swings the bat in an attempt to hit the ball. A boy wearing a cubs uniform winds up to hit a ball on a tee. A young boy about to hit a baseball off of the tee.	Some women are watching.	contradiction
The little girl is sitting under the basket while the man throws the ball. Man holding a beer throws a basketball where a little girl is playing. There is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler. A little girl plays on a toy basketball game.	A baby sitting.	contradiction
A man wearing a green t-shirt sits with his legs on a ledge and talks on the phone. The man in the green t-shirt has his feet up whilst talking on a cellphone. A man talks on the phone with his feet up. A man with his feet up using a telephone.	A man with a shirt and glasses sitting.	entailment
A cello player and a violinist getting ready for their performance in an elegant room. A man and a woman musician practicing on a well-lit stage. Two people standing up and playing musical instruments. A man a woman create music in an elegant room.	A singer rehearsing.	entailment
A tour guide explaining to a group of onlookers the process 's of the machine they are looking at while a woman in black takes a photo. A group of seven women and a man in a building taking pictures and talking. A woman takes a picture alongside a group. A woman taking a photograph.	People standing.	entailment
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by. A formally dressed man takes pictures of architecture in front of a dramatic row of statues. A woman, standing in front of a statue is taking a picture in a different direction. A few people looking up at statues outside a big marble building.	A woman pointing.	contradiction
A man in black shorts walks with a child with orange arm inflatables through a small body of water. An adult man and young child are walking along the edge of a body of water. A man and a child walk along the beach as a ball floats in the water. Man and child walking along the beach in the water.	Families walking.	contradiction
The little blond-haired girl in a gray sweatshirt dances at a park with people seated behind her. A young girl stands on one leg. Closeup of little girl dancing A young girl dancing.	Several workers standing.	contradiction
The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree. A girl dancing with four boys watching. A group of teenagers stand in a park. Teenagers socializing in the shade.	A group talks under a plant.	entailment
Two men, two children, and a woman all sitting down near a stand filled with purses. A family is sitting down in a market with a baby stroller and shopping bags. Some people are taking a break from shopping. A family rests next to a purse kiosk.	A group sits.	entailment
A person wearing a cone-shaped hat is walking down the street with many bags. Person carrying a bunch stuff in a shoulder sac walking along a sidewalk. An Asian man holding a large number of bags looks across a street. An Asian man walking down the street.	An Asian woman sings.	contradiction
A man in a red shirt and blue hat travels the road on a motorcycle. A man with a blue helmet is on a motorcycle on a blue skied day. A man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle. A man wearing a blue helmet is on a motorcycle.	Asian man sitting on ground.	contradiction
A band, wearing matching shirts, is playing music with a brick wall behind them. Several men dressed in back jumpsuits sing and play instruments. A group of men sing and play instruments. Band plays in tight quarters.	Members singing.	entailment
Wedding attendees dancing a little, before the bands starts. Several people are dancing in a crowded room. A group of people is dancing at a gathering. There is a family party going on.	Men dancing.	entailment
Three young adults sit on the roof of a building overlooking some hills and a tower. Three children sitting against a railing that overlooks a town. Three young kids sitting by a beautiful view. Three people gathered on large balcony.	Men sitting.	contradiction
An Asian child looking towards something wearing traditional clothing. A little oriental girl glancing upward toward her right. The little girl looked in awe at the sight. Native girl in a blue top looking skyward.	Child carrying a bag.	contradiction
Two children are patriotic in their red, white and blue decorated wagon going through a parade. A little girl and a little boy being pushed in a red wagon decorated with the American flag. A young boy and girl are being pulled in a child 's wagon decorated like the American flag. Two little kids showing their American pride in their star spangled wagon.	A boy doing a flip.	contradiction
A woman kneels in the dirt with paleontologist archaeologist tools. A lone scientist digging in the rock for artifacts. A woman brushes dust and dirt off a possible find. A person with a brush looking at a large rock.	A girl sits.	contradiction
A man in a kilt and sporting full facial hair is standing in front of Bradford 's and holding a package. A bearded man wearing all black is standing across the street from a Bradford 's. A man wearing a kilt leans against a poll holding a large wrapped item. A bearded man is standing outside in the middle of a city.	Men wearing uniforms.	entailment
Two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos. There is a cowboy in a rodeo trying to lasso a calf. Men on horses in the rodeo try to rope in a bull. Two men on horses are trying to lasso a bull.	Men riding an escalator.	contradiction
A young blond-haired girl with a striped shirt and blue boots is walking by the water. A small child in a sweater, jeans and rain boots walks along the beach. A little girl is walking by the beach in blue and red rain boots. A blond child walking on a beach.	A group of children watching.	contradiction
A man wearing a black t-shirt, with a black bandanna on his head, dark glasses and a beard is playing an electric guitar outdoors with a microphone in front of him, while another man in a gray hat and purple shirt is behind him along with a drum set, and two other guitar players are partially visible on either side. A band plays outdoors playing guitars and drums, the singer wears sunglasses and a black shirt and bandanna with a goatee, the other man wears a fedora and purple shirt, the other players are not pictured. A bearded man wearing sunglasses and a handkerchief on his hair plays a guitar with other musicians in the background. The musicians perform their best on stage.	Boys singing.	contradiction
A man riding a vehicle pulled by a donkey in the run down area of town. A man on a cart encourages his mule to keep pulling. A man riding a cart pulled by a donkey. A man is being pulled by a donkey.	A man seated.	entailment
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the saxophone with the rest of a band. A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone. Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best. A large man plays the saxophone in an orchestra.	A boy playing an instrument.	entailment
A man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something. A man in a blue shirt follows another man carrying a blue and black bag. Two men walking in summer attire. Two men walking down the street.	Two men turn the corner.	entailment
A male security officer stands at his post behind another man in a patterned sweater. A police officer is monitoring a by stander while guarding a building. A security officer and a man stand in front of a building. A man in a sweater and black pants waits.	A man is pushing.	contradiction
Guy in white trying to score in soccer while being blocked by two guys in orange and black A soccer player in a white shirt moves to run past a player from the opposite team. Number 3 has the soccer ball going around number 6 in a red jersey. The soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white.	Children looking at each other.	neutral
A woman, dressed in a dark tutu, striped socks and heels, leaps in the air while holding a pink balloon. A girl dressed in black jumps in the air while holding the string of a pink balloon. A ballerina on a city street with a dark gate in the background holding a balloon. A woman holding onto a balloon spread out as if in a ballerina pose.	A dancer leaps.	entailment
Men singing blues in one of the lovely orchestra episodes courtesy of Shell corporation of America. A man in a pink short-sleeved shirt, standing in front of a microphone and playing his guitar. A band member in a pink shirt is singing and playing the guitar. A man wearing a pink shirt is playing guitar and singing.	Man playing an instrument with lights.	entailment
Young white girls collide during game of flag football while teammates rush to their aid Two girls collide during a fast paced game of capture the flag in a park. Young girls running on a grass field during an athletic event. Girls collide while engaged in a competitive sport.	A group playing tag.	neutral
Two runners, one black and one white, are on the track running very close in competition. Two competitors in the last leg of a race, strong legs, long strides to the end. Two running competitors give it their all as they see the finish line. Athletes in a competitive running event.	Men racing.	entailment
A man in a red soccer uniform getting ready to kick the ball. A man in a red uniform runs towards a soccer ball on a field. A soccer player in red uniform runs after a soccer ball. A man in a red uniform plays in a soccer game.	A referee watches.	neutral
Five members of a band are playing on stage with instruments including two guitars, a drum and two violins. A country band on stage playing music in yellow and red light. Men and women are playing various instruments on stage. A band is playing on a stage.	A band drinking.	contradiction
Two young men riding on a very small horse-drawn wagon full of potatoes. Two men are sitting in a horse drawn cart with potatoes in the back. Two guys sitting on a car and horse with potatoes in the back. Two men on a produce cart driven by a horse.	A man walking past two animals.	contradiction
A small white dog with a blue collar is climbing over a large log. A white terrier is jumping over a log. A white dog jumps over a log outside. A small white dog climbs over a log.	A dog yawning.	neutral
Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer 's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea. Two men in shorts and sandals are carrying food and drinks at a farmers market. Two men in shorts and flip-flops walking in front of the Farmer 's Market. Two men walking in front of a Farmers Market.	Men hold plastic cups.	neutral
A man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him. Man in his seventies wearing a colorful outfit on the side of the street with his bulldog. A guy sitting in a chair on the street next to his dog. Old man and tired dog sit outside cafe.	Dog waits.	entailment
A young girl sits on a seat and looks at a train pamphlet. A little girl looking at a brochure on train rides Child sitting down looking at train ride brochure A young blond girl with a magazine in her hands	A child reads a book.	contradiction
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people. Children running through fountains of water in the midst of crowd. Children play in fountains that spray water from the ground. Several children are playing in water fountains.	Children standing.	entailment
College kids crowded around an apartment table eating with paper plates and cups. Four people sitting at a kitchen table talking. Four people are sitting around a table talking. Some friends enjoy each others ' company.	Man holding fingers.	contradiction
Two women, one in jeans and a black top the other wearing a striped long-sleeve shirt are blowing up a clear type of balloon with two onlookers. Three girls in a crowd inflating plastic containers. Three girls inhaling vaporized smoke of some sort. Two females are blowing into large plastic bags.	Woman smiles while holding infant.	contradiction
Tourists in Times Square taking pictures with public figure, The Naked Cowboy. A naked cowboy taking pictures with two ladies. A naked cowboy gains the interest of many. The naked cowboy in times square.	Women posing with a man.	entailment
A cowboy tries to hold on with all his might as the horse shakes and trembles to rid of his rider. A cowboy hanging on for dear life while the horse below him simply tries to buck him off. A man in a white cowboy hat riding a bucking brown horse at a rodeo. A man riding a horse in a rodeo show.	A bucking animal throwing a cowboy.	entailment
Two older people in marching uniforms both playing saxophones. A man and woman in costume are playing saxophones outside. A man and a woman are playing saxophone in the band. Three men are playing saxophone in uniforms.	Musicians playing for a crowd.	entailment
A woman in a kitchen holds a can surrounded by bowls. A woman is holding a can in front of a table. A woman is cooking in a home kitchen. A woman cooking in a kitchen.	An Asian woman stands at a counter.	neutral
Many children in loincloths and two older men are sitting in the shade. A group of children and two adults are sitting on a bench. People and children are sitting in the shade. Village people sitting on wooden seats.	Some cowboys sitting.	contradiction
A person in a white shirt, black shorts, white knee socks and sneakers has just kicked a soccer ball toward the goal while the goalkeeper, in red, is anticipating the ball. A man is kicking the soccer ball towards the goalie on a warm day. A goalie braces himself for the ball that 's coming his way. A soccer player in white kicks the ball towards the goal.	A man giving another man a haircut.	contradiction
Young children are performing karate moves while their teachers look on. There are several kids practicing in a taekwondo class. Four children practice karate while two adults watch. A karate instructor observes his students.	Boys chasing.	contradiction
A young man with a white sweatshirt on rides his bike through a busy crowd. The teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard. Quit a few people in some sort of city and one is riding a bike. A man in a gray hoodie is riding a bike down a sidewalk.	A bicyclist pedals.	entailment
The little boy has a yellow crown and the man is wearing red velvet. A little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as Santa Claws. A father and son looking at a funny looking Santa. The child is looking at Santa Claus.	Children doing somersaults.	contradiction
Two young boys in a play area at a store, jumping in a bright blue air filled bouncy while their moms look on. Amused parents look on as two children enjoy themselves in a colorful indoor playground. There are two kids, with their mothers, playing in a padded, blue structure. A young boy, dressed in black, jumps in a blue padded playroom.	Two girls dancing.	contradiction
A brown dog pursues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches. A woman watches a brown dog run away from a house across the grass. A woman throws a Frisbee for her two brown dogs to chase. Brown dogs and a woman in a yard	Two dogs play with a ball.	contradiction
Three Asian women are standing together smiling, the one with red hair is holding up the peace sign with her fingers. Three girls smiling, one of those showing two fingers as if she 's doing the peace sign. Three young women smiling while the lady with the red hair makes a peace gesture. Three girls are smiling for a picture.	A girl holds her hand up.	entailment
A solitary man stand on a bridge in the evening. One person is standing on a bridge at night. Person crossing a bridge in dim light. A man stands on a bridge at night.	Someone standing.	entailment
Woman in multicolor skirt airborne above a bed with a multicolor bedspread. A girl in colorful clothing is jumping on a bed with a color-block quilt. A young girl in a colorful skirt is in the midst of falling onto a bed. A girl in a colorful skirt and blue shirt pounces onto her bed.	Lady sitting.	contradiction
Three young children wearing winter coats and hats ride on the front end of a bicycle built for four while a blond adult wearing a black coat rides on the backseat. A man who is wearing a black coat is on the back of a four seat bicycle with three children riding on the seats in front of him. Mom and her three children riding on a bicycle built for four. A man and three children riding a bike with four seats.	A woman rides a tandem bicycle.	entailment
A young man with black hair, in a white t-shirt, black shorts with red and blue stripes along the side, jogging along a wire fence. A man jogging on the sidewalk while listening to music. A man in a white shirt is jogging on a sidewalk. A man takes a jog down the sidewalk.	A man running on a street.	entailment
Person wearing black and white striped shirt holding a red skateboard standing on sidewalk with stars. A teenage boy wearing a striped shirt walks on a street paved with stars carrying a skateboard. A boy in a black and white shirt holds a red skateboard as he stands over the Hollywood Stars. A skateboarder examines the Hollywood Walk of Fame.	A man walking in the opposite direction.	contradiction
A fireman using a fire hose on a car engine that is up on a carjack. A fireman spraying water into the hood of small white car on a jack Firefighter uses water to extinguish a car that was on fire. A firefighter extinguishes a fire under the hood of a car.	A man sprays water.	entailment
A runner is being handed a water bottle from a woman in a teal jacket holding an umbrella. A woman assists a marathon runner by holding an umbrella over her and giving her water. On a rainy day, a woman holds an umbrella above a runner and gives her water. A jogger is being sheltered with an umbrella.	A lady running.	entailment
A youth on a skateboard is doing flips and tricks over a metal bar. A skateboarder with dreadlocks does a trick on a bike rack. Long-haired skateboarder jumping over bike rack in a city. A male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake.	A man doing a trick.	entailment
A gateway with wood paneling and Asian characters opens up onto a public street. A Japanese shop with people sitting inside it. A storefront with a sign written in Chinese. People sit in an Asian restaurant.	A lifeguard sitting.	contradiction
Dog sniffing recently cut tree stump. A dog sniffs a newly cut tree trunk. A brown dog sniffs a tree stump. A dog sniffs a tree stump.	A dog standing.	entailment
A man wearing a tan button down shirt and black turban is walking through a field carrying a gardening hoe over his shoulder. An older man in a dark turban is walking through a field with a tool over his shoulder. A man is walking through a field with some kind of gardening tool. A man walking on a pathway at a farm.	A man break-dancing.	contradiction
Two people with black pants are holding on to the basket of a hot air balloon that 's on the snow. People handling hot air balloons that have tilted over in the snow. A hot air balloon has some trouble taking off. Two hot air balloons on a snowfield	Two men goofing around.	contradiction
Man in a one shirt popping wheelies in the air on a red bicycle in a path lined by grass. A boy is up in the air on his bicycle, and there is a city landscape in the background. Bicycler performing entertaining stunts while the sun sets in the distance. This bike jump appears to put the skyline adjacent to the rider.	A group is following a man.	contradiction
Passersby see a man under umbrellas, surrounded by caricatures at a street fair. A caricature artist at a street art fair with customers viewing his work. People are looking at a street artists who has a stall set up A street vendor selling his art.	An artist sits.	neutral
A man takes salad out of a bowl while he sits at a table with other plates, a woman, a glass of wine, and a decorative curtain behind him. A man sitting at a dining table, wearing a striped shirt, is eating a salad and having a glass of red wine. A man is holding s silver bowl. A bald man eating a meal.	A man putting his hands.	contradiction
A group a people walk around the corner near a brick building. A crowd of people are walking down a city street. The people walk near a brick building. People gather together outdoors.	A group standing on a beach.	contradiction
A person dressed as a court jester during a theatrical performance. A man in a red harlequin costume leaps across the stage. A play is going on and a man is in midair. A ballet dancer performs a leap on stage.	A woman jumping up in the air.	contradiction
Time lapse of many people crossing a street in front of a large group of billboards. Blurred time exposure of pedestrians crossing street. There is a busy street, with many people crossing. A group of people are crossing a busy street.	A crowd walking.	entailment
There are seven children jumping for joy on a grass hill. Seven children all jump as the photo is taken. Seven children are jumping in a grassy meadow. Five kids jumping for no real reason	A child yawning.	contradiction
A young woman holding her newborn baby in a hospital bed. A blond-haired mother is holding her newborn baby. A lady on a hospital bed is holding a baby. A mother holds her newborn baby.	A child looking at colorfully dressed children.	contradiction
A man with a plaid shirt and black hat sits on top of a white horse talking with another man wearing a black shirt and white cowboy hat sitting on a brown horse. An older man, a middle-aged man, and young man are each sitting on a horse and looking in various directions, in a corral near a large tree. A man and young boy get ready to ride their horses while out and about on the ranch. Two men wearing hats sitting on horses.	A man fiddles with something.	contradiction
Three male jazz musicians, all wearing black, playing several instruments on stage at a jazz festival. A jazz band performing at the 55th Monterey Jazz Festival. The 55th Monterrey Jazz Festival playing music. Two males playing at a jazz concert.	Several men playing soccer.	contradiction
A smiling man holding a cigarette in one hand and a sledgehammer in the other. A man holding a sledgehammer and a cigarette in front of two other men. A man wearing a gray shirt is holding a hammer. A man in jeans holding a sledgehammer.	A guy skiing.	contradiction
As other people walk by, three children, each holding a bicycle tire, stand on a dirt road leading to two huts in a rural African village. African children playing on a dirt road with bicycle tubes near a village. Three boys hold inflated bicycle tire rings on a dusty trail. People are walking along a dirt road.	A group stands.	contradiction
Men in suits are lined up next to a bride and her red-dressed bridesmaids. A bride and groom pose with their wedding party. An entire wedding party is posing for pictures. A wedding party poses for a picture.	Nuns stand.	contradiction
A child jumping into a lake in a wooded area while another child plays on the shore. A child jumps into the water with his sneakers on. Little boy in sneakers jumping into water. A kid jumping into a pool of water.	Guy surfing.	contradiction
Two young boys with blue shirts and glasses posing for the camera Two young boys posing for a picture on a bench. Two children in blue shirts laying on benches Two boys are lying on benches.	A man smirking.	contradiction
A woman in a red dress is looking at something down the street. They can take care of all your photo needs. A blond woman exiting a photography store. Four people stand outside a photography store	A woman leaving a shop.	entailment
An Olympic athlete is navigating a slalom course in a kayak, carefully maneuvering around two striped poles. A man with a " Number 5 " label on his chest kayaks through rapids. Kayaker going through gates during a competition. A competitor in a whitewater kayak competition.	A man paddles a boat through the water.	entailment
A young man dressed in a red polo shirt and khaki pants squats on the ground near a pole. People are walking past a young man in a red shirt and khaki shorts. A young Asian man is squatting on the ground. The man is wearing a red shirt.	Girls hold another child.	contradiction
People standing around one getting a ride in a car. A guy is communicating with someone in a car. Two men get dropped off in a town square. The middle of the town and townspeople.	A man talking.	entailment
A middle-aged man strides in front of an older man in a race while spectators look on. Two power walkers walking beside one another in a race. A group of runners is trying to complete a race. Two men competing in a race.	Man wearing jeans.	contradiction
Two women of African descent, a dark-skinned man and western man in a white shirt posing for a photograph. Two guys pose with two women, everyone is wearing black and white. Several people are hugging each other inside a bar. Some people at a part gather to take a picture	A group of men stands in a crowd.	neutral
A dog is jumping over a log in a wooded area while carrying another log. The dog carries a stick and jumps over a log in the woods. The dog jumps over the log with a stick in its mouth. Dog carries stick and jumps over a log.	A dog jumps over a fallen tree in a forest.	entailment
Sting is singing and playing the guitar before an audience. An older man playing rock guitar at a live show A band playing s song in front of a crowd. A band playing on a stage.	A man with an instrument stands.	entailment
A group of crosscountry skiers following a path through the forest. A large group of people crosscountry skiing in the snow. A group of crosscountry skiers are skiing down a trail. Several crosscountry skiers following a trail.	A cowboy walks.	contradiction
An Asian man wearing silver armor over tan clothes underneath, holding a weapon aloft in his right hand mounted on a horse which is also adorned with silver armor. A warrior mounted on an armored horse, pole arm in right hand as he waves it up in the air shield in left with other people in the background. A man clad in metallic armor raises a weapon while mounted on an armor-clad horse with spectators in the background. A man who looks like a gladiator on a brown horse holding a sword in the air.	A man riding an animal.	entailment
A brunette female, wearing polka dot pants, talking on her cellphone, while a blond female child in pink shirt and red pants, dances. A woman sitting in a park, talking on a cellphone. A young woman in a park talking on a cellphone. A woman talks on the phone at a playground.	A child rollerskating.	contradiction
Four guy friends working on a racer car checking to see if everything it working correctly. A group of guys working on a small blue open-topped racing vehicle. Four men huddle around a blue race car. Four men are working on a race car.	Man mopping.	contradiction
A girl in a striped black and white sweater holds on to her friend who is bent over wearing a hooded black sweater and torn blue jeans. Three people are getting their picture taking as one is bent over. Three girls imitating a sexual position at a party People are at a party and holding drinks.	Girls having fun.	entailment
A worker in a safety vest and hat is unloading equipment from the back of a truck. A technician in an orange vest and a hard hat removes cables from a work truck. A man dressed in a reflective vest is pulling cabling out of a truck. The electrical worker in the back of his work truck.	Man with camera standing.	contradiction
A man in an orange shirt smears something in a large white bowl. It takes a real man to clean a bucket with who knows what in it? A man in an orange shirt is using a scraper in a sifter. A man in an orange shirt is preparing a meal.	A man dipping his hand.	neutral
A tattooed man dress in black with an orange hat sings and plays the guitar. A man with a guitar in a band singing into a microphone. A man with a guitar addresses a microphone. A guitar player sings on a stage.	Musician sings while playing an instrument.	entailment
Four white dogs are standing beside a black sheep. Three white dogs are near a black llama. White dogs stand near a sheep or llama. A black sheep with three white dogs.	Brown dog looking up.	contradiction
In the foreground, a soccer player wearing orange and black moves to intercept two players wearing white uniforms as they run towards the camera in pursuit of the soccer ball while in the background a man in a blue soccer uniform looks on. Four men are playing soccer, two in white jerseys, one in a red jersey and a goalie in the background. Three people, two in white, one in red and black, are playing soccer. A group of men playing soccer.	Men competing in a game.	entailment
A woman in a dress is holding a camera next to another woman who is laughing. Two young women are standing in a living room laughing and smiling. Two women laughing at a cat walking on the furniture. Two young women clap their hands in laughter.	Women having fun.	entailment
A man wearing black and a woman wearing white are smiling. A woman and a man standing on a busy city street smiling. Two people stand on a Boston street in winter. A man and a woman standing on a city street.	A bride standing.	entailment
A woman plays tug-of-war with her black dog in a brown landscape surrounded by trees. A black dog and a woman in a red shirt playing tug-of-war. A woman plays with her Rottweiler dog outside. A woman and a dog playing outside	A dog runs on a dog track.	contradiction
A goalie on a hockey team with the colors of blue, white and yellow, ice skated pass the goal and did not manage to block the puck from the opposing team from going into his goal. The goalie turns to see the puck in the net, while the team rises from the bench. A hockey goalie looks back at the puck about to go into his goal. A hockey goalie realizes he let the puck go by him.	The player misses the puck.	entailment
One man wearing a green shirt is playing music on a blue set of drums. The man in the green shirt is playing the drums. A street musician playing the drums for tips. A man is playing a set of drums outdoors.	Men wrestling.	contradiction
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field. A light brown dog is running in a grassy area. Dog running in a field. A dog running outside.	Large dogs run through the snow.	contradiction
A man in swimming trunks jumping off a rock into a lake. A man in blue shorts leaps from cliff into a lake. A man jumps from a rock into the water. A shirtless man jumps into the water.	Men do gymnastics.	contradiction
A focused man wearing black leads the pack in this bike race. Several bicycle riders racing across a paved road. Cyclists are racing around a curve. View of front runner at an event	Spectators watch.	entailment
A group of five women with scarf head coverings look off the page, while two have their mouths open as if yelling something. Women in headwraps are gathered together, speaking emotionally. Five women wearing scarves on their heads are talking. A group of women wearing headscarves are in a crowd.	A woman stands at a counter.	contradiction
A man in blue jeans, a tan canvas long-sleeve shirt, and rubber gloves, holds a braided metallic wire. A man in a tan shirt is looking up while holding a cable. A man in a beige coat and black gloves is thinking. A guy appears to be doing some work outside.	A man looking at something in the distance.	contradiction
Three girls dancing on the hardwood floor on an empty room. Girls moving around in a spacious room. Three girls dance on a wooden floor. Three girls dancing.	Children dancing in a large room.	entailment
A line of people wearing black and plaid outfits are walking while carrying sticks with attached bags. A group of women all similarly dressed marching holding a large object on their right. A group of women all dressed the same are carrying the same looking item. Men in traditional wear marching single file next to rows of coconut 's.	A group of musicians walking down a street.	neutral
A young girl moves to a beat in a midriff baring shirt and jeans. A young woman using a green hula hoop. A woman hula-hooping in a red shirt. A young adult is hula hooping.	A woman rises.	neutral
Five people sitting around a patio table looking up at the photographer and smiling. Several men and women are sitting in chairs on someone 's backyard patio. Two men and three women are sitting around a table outside. Family sitting around table on outdoor patio.	A group smiling.	entailment
Two black dogs run in the snow in a field of dry grass. Two dogs are running and playing in the snow Two dogs playing in the snow. Two black dogs in the snow.	Dogs jump.	neutral
An older woman is holding a large baby with mittens to protect her from scratching herself. A woman in leopard print holds up a baby in white clothing. An older dark-skinned woman holding a lighter-skinned baby. A woman is sitting by a fence holding a baby in her arms.	A woman and child smiling.	neutral
A brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet, with a green object in the foreground. A brown dog is rolling on its back on a carpet with several green toys nearby. A brown dog is laying on its back on a white carpet with a green ball on it. The dog is laying on its back near a green ball.	A dog lies on its back on a bed.	contradiction
A long woman wearing a white helmet crossing a chain linked bridge A woman traverses a wire bridge across a rocky canyon. A man is crossing a mountain pass on a metal bridge. A climber traverses a rope ladder between cliffs.	Women having a moment.	contradiction
An adult couple is talking with a younger girl, and they are all smiling. Three people are having a conversation in a living room. Three people are talking while two of them are drinking. A man and two girls are talking and drinking wine.	Man leading a discussion.	neutral
A guy on Rollerblades, sliding across a rail. Skateboarder slides across rail in corridor. A man is rollerblading down a rail. A rollerblader riding a handrail.	A woman leaps.	contradiction
A female vocalist singing on stage with microphone in hand as her drummer watches. Two entertainers are performing under red lights. A lady singing on stage with drums in the back. Woman sings at a club under bright lights	A woman sings while a man plays an instrument.	entailment
A man wearing a black shirt and navy blue sweats stands on pavement with his hands on his hips smoking a cigarette. Carnival worked , wearing blue sweatpants and a black tank top smeared with chalk stands outside his tent. A middle-aged man taking a rest after his trapeze act in the circus. An athletic man is smoking a cigarette while on break from work.	A man driving a bus.	contradiction
Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water. A surfer hangs in the air over the water. A boy on a surfboard in midair. Young man surfing in the ocean.	A man jumps.	entailment
Middle-aged blond man is sitting on a park bench with a small dog in his lap wearing sunglasses as he prepares to play the guitar and harmonica. A man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap, as well as a harmonica near his mouth. An eccentrically dressed man and his dog are sitting on a bench with a guitar and harmonica. A man sitting on a bench with a guitar and a dog on his lap.	Men clean up.	contradiction
Red, green, yellow, and blue umbrellas are providing shade for the tables outside and three people are sitting under the green umbrella. Men siting on table, with red, green, yellow, and blue umbrella 's. People are enjoying shade underneath colored umbrellas. People sitting outside under a green umbrella.	A mom sitting.	neutral
A man in black and a man wearing makeup perform together. A man in clown makeup and a suit is performing on stage. A man acting out a strange stage show. The magician is doing a magic trick.	A man holding something.	neutral
A shirtless man is securing his red headband in a beach area, on a railed pedestal within the water. Shirtless man with red towel wrapped around his head. I am going to a hotdog competition in Coney Island. A young man wearing a red bandanna at an event.	Man doing pushups.	contradiction
Two women, smiling, walking past a closed clothing boutique. A couple of women walk down the street doing window shopping. Two girls are walking past a storefront that is closed. Two mannequins are in the window of a closed shop.	Women enjoy themselves.	entailment
Two ladies wear a pink saris with another lady in a gold sari while sitting on a rock. Three brightly robed girls are sitting on a rock ground in front of a large rock. Three colorfully dressed young women are sitting on a large rock. Three girls in colorful clothing are sitting.	A woman running.	contradiction
The lady in the short black skirt is walking with a lady in a short striped dress. Two dark-haired women walk through a crowd of people. People walking on a street together. Two women walk down the street.	Women stroll.	entailment
An old man, behind him on glass is many political advertisements. A man just roaming on the streets during night. An older man walks by Bloomberg headquarters. Man in a blue suit waiting.	A man standing underneath plants.	contradiction
A basketball player concentrating on keeping the ball from other players. The basketball player in blue is running between two players in white. A basketball player holding a basketball. Two basketball teams compete.	A man has the basketball.	entailment
People with walking sticks hiking near the beach. Three people walk down a sandy hill at the beach. Three People hiking along water on the beach sand. Three people hiking on a beach.	Men walking.	entailment
Four kids playing, one in a red dress one in a pink shirt, one in a white shirt and a little boy with his arm through a green toy. One young girl in a dress, and three young children leaning against a wall. A group of children playing and having a good time. Young children playing with paper.	A customer sitting.	contradiction
An artist wearing a red jacket and blue jeans painting on the street while wearing headphones. The man wearing a red jacket is admiring artwork. A man draws a picture of a downtown landscape. A man concentrates on his painting.	A man sits with legs crossed.	contradiction
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators. Two sumo wrestlers fight in the ring as people watch. Two sumo wrestlers competing in a match. Two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match	Worker watches.	neutral
Man in overalls, plaid shirt and ball cap holding the harness on one of two horses that are facing away from the camera. A man in jean overalls holds onto the leads of a horse hooked onto a pulling system with another horse. An older man adjusting the harness on a donkey. Man in overalls with two horses.	A man with a guitar stands on stage.	contradiction
Three girls in street clothes and sneakers perform act out a synchronized performance or dance while on a stage. Three female dancers are doing dance moves on stage of an auditorium. Three women are up on a stage dancing. Three females dancing on stage.	Girls performing a routine.	entailment
Two women are standing outside looking at something with funny expressions on their faces while the other people around them do n't seem to notice. A mother and her daughter are both wearing heels standing outside in a crowd on a brick pavement looking out at the street in amazement. Two women, one older and one younger, are stopped on a sidewalk looking at the same thing. Two confused ladies standing around after an event.	Women staring off into the distance.	entailment
Two baseball players in red hats are catching pitches thrown by a man, a woman, and a boy. Baseball players playing with kids and adults on a field. Player 22 receives pitch from women near pitchers mount. Fans pitching to actual baseball players.	A cowboy thrown off his horse.	contradiction
A three man ethnic band play native instruments while dressed in red and gold. Three weirdly dressed men, playing in some form of musical fiasco. Three men in Renaissance-style clothing are playing instruments. Three men are wearing native clothing and playing instruments.	A man on a street plays his guitar.	neutral
A large group at a concert or fair all looking at a man in a white shirt. A crowd is outside watching someone in the center of them. A large crowd is gathered outdoors on a sunny day. A large crowd swarming a guy.	Fans cheering.	entailment
Some men working around a business street marquis, there is a caution tape, one of the cones holding the tape is knocked over. Men are working on scaffolding outside of a building while other men watch. Four men working below a scaffolding around an open work site. Five men are working on a construction site.	Two men standing outside talking.	neutral
A little boy with glasses is working on an electrical experiment project. A young child wearing a blue sweater is fiddling around with wires. A young boy with a blue jacket holding a yellow wire. A young man in blue working with electronics.	A very small child standing.	entailment
A woman wearing a red and white striped shirt outside, surrounded by trees. A very young lady playing a game with a string and spinning tops. A woman in a red striped shirt plays with a string toy. A girl having fun doing malabarism.	Woman playing with a Chinese yo-yo.	entailment
A singer sings into a microphone while other musicians play in the background. A singer performs on stage at a concert. A woman in a White dress is singing A singer of a band on stage.	A man sings.	contradiction
The child has his mouth open and is surrounded by adults dancing. A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing. A child is having a good time at the wedding reception. A child stands in front of a dancing wedding party.	A boy kissing a girl.	contradiction
A group of people in black and white walk past two black and white striped sign posts on a city street corner. An intersection where many people are crossing the street that has black and white striped poles. A crowd of people pass through a busy intersection in a city. Many people are crossing a busy intersection.	Surfers walking.	contradiction
A woman in glasses smiles as she looks at the back of a camera she holds up in front of her face. A woman in a dark shirt and glasses looks at a digital camera. A woman with glasses is trying to take a photograph. A smiling woman snaps a photograph.	A woman running.	contradiction
A group of children that are either sitting or standing in a line, while two are holding a round object. Young adults wearing red, yellow, and black shirts in a straight line perform a sketch. Group of kids doing a performance. A group of people on stage	A man in the background plays an instrument.	neutral
A man in black pants and a black tee is sitting on a bench in front of a truck. Bald man in black clothes sits on a bench in front of a large truck. A man in dark clothing sits on a bench in front of a truck. A bald man is sitting on a bench in front of a red truck.	A man uses his phone.	contradiction
A young girl with a front tooth missing dressed in a plaid skirt and blue shirt riding on a shopping cart in a grocery store. Girl with brown hair in a blue shirt and blue and white skirt holding on to a shopping cart in a store. A little girl wearing blue is riding the end of a shopping cart in a grocery store. A little girl is riding on the front of a shopping cart in a store.	A child smiles.	entailment
Rock band performing on a dark stage. Three people are playing in a band. Three men play musical instruments. One man is playing the drums.	A group playing music.	entailment
A group of people on the street dancing to four men playing various conga drums. A group of women dressed in white are dancing in the street. A group of street drummers play while some onlookers dance. Many people dancing while others play the conga drums.	Girls dancing.	entailment
A young girl in a yellow shirt with a falconer 's glove and hawk perched on it is being assisted by a man with a ball cap and microphone in one hand. A young girl in a yellow jersey is holding a falcon on her arm while a man in a hat interviews her using a microphone. A falcon is perched on a girl 's left arm as a man assists her and talks into a microphone. A young girl in a yellow shirt is holding a bird for a speaker.	A man is airborne.	contradiction
The large brown and white dog is jumping towards the small brown and white dog. Two brown and white dogs fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree. Two brown and white dogs in the grass near a stone structure. A Collie and a Springer Spaniel playing outside.	Dogs look at each other.	entailment
A group of kids are running while playing soccer. Blond children are dressed to play soccer. Children are playing soccer in this image. Three young children are playing soccer.	Children running in green grass.	entailment
A man wearing a striped shirt is putting his arm over a man in a green shirt, as the man in the green shirt holds up a beer. Two men smiling at the camera inside a restaurant, one is holding up a beer. Two guys are sitting in a bar while one holds a beer bottle. Two men sit at a bar with Shiner Bock beer.	Men drink beverages.	entailment
A man uses a bicycle to transport a sight that says " Lovely, " while another man on a motor scooter drives by. A bicyclist passes with a giant sign that reads " lovely. " A man advertises with a giant sign tied onto his bicycle. A long, green board that has " lovely " written on it.	A man is riding a moped.	entailment
A young man with a blue striped shirt holding his shoulder bag in his lap with his head propped up on his hand where he is sitting in front of heavy gate with gold and purple colors. A boy in a striped shirt and glasses sitting and looking very bored with his head resting in his hand. Man wearing a white plaided shirt and he is day dreaming A young man is sitting and thinking.	A white boy sitting.	neutral
A young man in a black swimsuit and t-shirt jumps off of a bridge with an audience of seven onlookers. A crowd gathered on a bridge watches a man in dark shorts and shirt jump. A guy in a black tank-top jumping off of a bridge while others watch him. A young man wearing black jumps off a height while people clap.	Spectators watch.	entailment
A young girl and a young man playing a toss game at an outside party. A man and a woman play Corn-hole at a party. Male and female playing game with beanbags. Many people relax in the yard.	A group has fun.	entailment
A police officer with a red helmet on a motorcycle going down the street. A police officer with blue outfit and red helmet rides through town. A policeman is riding his motorcycle down the street. Policemen ride motorcycles through a crowd.	A cop driving.	entailment
Young children explore a creek as their parents work nearby the rock piles A group of children and women crouching aside a stream of water. Children are playing outside in a rocky area beside a river. A few women and children are collecting items from rocks.	A woman shows a child a leaf.	neutral
A red vehicle is being reflected in a store window while two casually dressed middle-aged men walk and converse. A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a dark blue shirt talking. A guy explains something to his friend. Two men converse along the sidewalk.	A vendor standing.	contradiction
Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard. Many women wearing garments that cover the head. Muslim women talking in a marketplace. Group of women with headscarves.	A crowd gathered together.	entailment
A dark-haired bearded man wearing a turquoise shirt with a yellow peace sign on it. The T-shirt worn by the man has a bright orange peace symbol on the back. A smiling bearded man wears a shirt with an orange peace sign A man wearing a peace sign on his shirt smiles.	A man looks at something.	entailment
Young man flipping off of something into a body of water. A boy is diving into water with boats in background. A young boy is doing a back flip into the ocean. A boy back flipping into a lake in midair.	A man discussing.	contradiction
A red vehicle is being reflected in a store window while two casually dressed middle-aged men walk and converse. A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a dark blue shirt talking. Two older men are standing outside talking. Two men converse along the sidewalk.	A man holding something.	neutral
A group of schoolgirls are standing together while one is taking pictures. A group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph. A group of young women stand together. Girls in school uniforms.	A group having drinks.	contradiction
Four people wearing aprons and holding a mug in each hand are pouring something into each others mugs. Four young Asian teens exchange liquid in large metal cups with the person beside them. A group of young people, in colorful aprons, is holding hands and doing a line dance. A group of people in aprons holding hands and skipping.	Men standing next to each other.	neutral
A man with brown hair and a blue shirt is holding a baby with its mouth open. A new father is holding his yawning newborn in the hospital. Man holding crying baby in chair near window. A man holding a newborn baby.	An infant yawning.	entailment
An African American woman in orange and yellow standing next to two brightly colored clowns. An African American woman standing between two people dressed as clowns. An African-American woman is standing with two clowns. A woman having her picture taken with two clowns.	A skier stands.	contradiction
A man in a suit strokes his chin on a deserted street corner. A man in business attire stands a street corner. A man in suit waiting for the green light. A man in a suit by a stoplight.	A man smoking a cigarette.	contradiction
Six children at a table with a green tablecloth, five female, one male, looking at the camera, plates and condiments at the table, two empty chairs, and red roses in the background A group of six children varying in age from 7 to 14 are sitting around a dinner table ready to eat. Six children sitting around a rectangular dining table with a green tablecloth and food on it. A family photo of children eating a meal.	Some boys posing.	neutral
A scantily clad young woman is pushing a mountain bike on a recreational path along a body of water. A young woman in athletic gear is taking her bike on a stroll near a lake. A woman jogging on a path while holding a bike next to her. A girl in black shorts pushing a bike down the street.	Teenage girls walk.	neutral
A man wearing a green shirt and red shorts is racing against a man wearing a blue shirt and yellow sneakers. A runner in green shoes takes the lead in a race against a runner in red shorts. Two runners are separated by two strides in a major race. Two African American men competitively racing on a track	Two men competing in a competition.	entailment
There are three women wearing different dresses and headbands dancing in the street. Three girls dressed up dancing on city street Three women dance down the city street. Three women dancing in a city street.	A group holding a banner.	contradiction
This is a woman with her back turned wearing a red coca-cola shirt cooking at a stove while displaying some of her delicious dishes on the counter. An unknown man works a grill in a kitchen wearing a coca cola shirt, there is much types of food to be seen. A restaurant front line, with a warmer in the front and a person in a red Coca Cola shirt cooking. Someone working in a restaurant that has dishes set out like a buffet.	An employee preparing food.	entailment
A group of officers in navy blue uniforms play brass instruments for a group of children. Family and friends watching a military band play a song in a building A group of military personnel are playing in a brass quintet. They are practicing for the band for the parade.	Musician playing drums.	contradiction
A lady is walking on a crudely built sidewalk next to a yellow building with blue doors. A woman in an orange shirt walking past a yellow building. A woman walking in front of a yellow building. Woman walking in front of a yellow building.	A woman holds a ball.	contradiction
A dog playing Frisbee in the front yard, next to a car. The dog leaps to catch the Frisbee in its mouth. A white dog catches a red Frisbee in the grass. A dog catches a Frisbee in the front yard.	A white dog jumping in the air.	entailment
A snowboarder rides his board off a graffiti covered wall at night. A man in a yellow coat jumps his snowboard off a rail. A snowboarder doing a jump off of a ledge. A person in the air on a snowboard.	A boy is airborne.	entailment
A person in a yellow hat, carrying a bag and a fishing pole, walks in a grassy area near a small body of water. A person in a yellow hat is walking across the grass carrying a long pole. A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water A fisherman in a field near a lake.	Man holding stick.	entailment
A dark-haired male child in a gray and blue sweater writes with a pencil onto a piece of paper. A young boy in a sweatshirt is doodling on a piece of paper. A young boy using a pencil to draw on a piece of paper. A serious looking boy is concentrating on his drawing.	A child colors on sheets of paper.	neutral
Ladies are wearing white bonnets and are standing behind fruits and vegetables. Fresh fruit and veggies are lined up below a group of older women. A group of merchants hawk their produce to the public. Women are standing next to a produce stand.	Women gathered.	entailment
A woman in a gray shirt and plaid shorts swings gleefully on a tire swing with trees in the background. A woman playing on a tire swing that is surrounded by trees with a smile on her face. A girl has the biggest smile on her face as she swings on a tire. A young lady is swinging on a tire swing.	Some women listening.	contradiction
Two people riding dirt bikes on a bike trail. Two dirt bike riders ride their dirt bikes. Dirtbikers race on a muddy track. Two BMX bikers on a muddy course.	Two boys riding their bicycles.	entailment
Two scuba divers are diving underwater and meet with a friendly dolphin. Two scuba divers are interacting with a dolphin underwater. Two divers, wearing scuba gear, encounter a dolphin. Two people in scuba gear interacting with a dolphin	Two men swim.	entailment
Two men on a yellow and green mat are competing in a sporting event where they have to fight and people are watching. Two men spar against each other in a martial arts match with one man wearing blue and the other, white. Two men, one in a blue uniform and one in a white uniform, wrestling on a light blue mat. Two men wrestling at a match while onlookers watch intently.	A man woodworking.	contradiction
A little boy is holding a Mexican flag as he walks down the street with a woman. A young boy carries a green, white, and red flag and walks next to a woman. A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag. The boy with the flag is walking in the road.	A mother walks.	entailment
A male conductor wearing all black leading an orchestra and choir on a brown stage playing and singing a musical number. A choir and an orchestra performing a musical piece in some kind of theater hall. A string instrument band and chorus singers rehearsing. An orchestra plays in an ornate hall.	Men sit.	contradiction
The crowd watches the horse, staring at the cowboy as he leaves the arena, wondering what will happen next. Cowboy on foot in some enclosed area with a horse with spectators. A man dressed as a cowboy walks away from a brown horse. A man jumps off his horse at a rodeo.	Animal standing.	entailment
Two men strike a serious pose while listening to some live music being performed behind them. Two men pose for a photo while listening to live music. Two men are sitting in a restaurant. A couple of patron at a jazz club.	Friends posing.	entailment
Three young males sitting on a basketball court at night Three boys lounge on an outdoor basketball court. Three boys sit on a wet basketball court. Three guys relaxing on basketball court.	A man navigates.	contradiction
A crowd of people are sitting in a large arena with three young women sitting on the floor. A large crowd of people sit in chairs, on the ground, and in bleachers in an auditorium. Three girls are sitting cross-legged on a floor. People gather in an gymnasium for an assembly.	Kids sit.	entailment
Man in all black with buzzed black hair and black earring stands with his right knee up and right hand on his knee and belts out into a microphone. A male singer dressed in all black with black glove with his foot on a prop. A man in a black coat and black pants is speaking into a microphone. Singer gets caught up on a high note and fractures a vocal cord.	A musician singing into a microphone.	entailment
Five men of varying ages sitting in chairs on a stage with a Boy Scouts of America banner at their feet in front of them. Five guys are sitting on a stage in front of two green tents behind a Boy Scouts of America banner. Three teenagers sit next to two older men in Boy Scout uniforms on a stage. Five men on a stage with their hands held out.	A child comes up on stage.	entailment
People are standing around and a young boy with wearing jeans and sneakers is looking through a telescope. A group of people are around a young boy as he looks into a telescope. In a science museum looking through a telescope. A child looks through a large telescope.	A little boy using a telescope.	entailment
A man in a black hat prepares to shine the brown shoes of a seated customer. A man is seated near another man that is standing on the sidewalk. A man with a hat polishes another man 's shoes. Two men on a street underneath an umbrella.	A guy sitting on the floor.	neutral
A group of women pose for a picture as a man plays guitar behind them. Many women sitting happily together smiling at the camera. A group of girls are smiling while posing for a picture. A group of smiling women.	Women hugging each other.	neutral
A woman in a pink hat holds hands with a man in a white hat while walking down the street. A couple walks down the street holding hands while a man plays music. Three people walk past a man playing a flute on the sidewalk. People walk past a street musician playing the flute.	Men rollerskating.	contradiction
A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it. A white and brown spotted dog, standing on its hind legs in front of a woman and a cake. The brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs. A dog stands on his hind legs for a lady in purple.	Dogs wait.	entailment
Two people, a man and a woman, lie in the grass with one another with their feet on the edge of a graffiti covered concrete wall. A man dressed in green and a woman wearing a white dress are lying on the grass. A young couple hang out together. A couple relaxing outside.	Woman celebrating.	contradiction
A woman in shorts and a white top is taking a picture with a digital camera as a young man watches. People at a party, their backs to the camera. A man flirts with a woman in a white tank top. A group of people posing for a picture.	Men meeting.	contradiction
A man in bright white clothing and tattoos performs on a stage with a red background while holding a microphone in his left hand. A man covered in tattoos stands in the middle of a stage dressed in white pants while three others stand in front of him. A pale man with blond hair stands on stage covered in silver paint and wears white pants. A man wearing white pants, is performing on stage.	Men looking the other way.	neutral
A group of nicely dressed young women in New York City are walking down the street through the rain while carrying black umbrellas and are approaching an intersection. A lot of people walking near a crosswalk in the rain. People with umbrellas walking in the rain. A group of women holding black umbrellas.	Women standing.	entailment
A person in jeans is standing up and doing a wheelie on the back of a motorcycle. A motorcyclist performing a standing wheelie with one foot. A rider is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle. A motorcycle rider performs a trick.	A man doing yoga.	contradiction
A man in a black suit with tie and corsage smiles at a girl who smiles back, both are sitting at a table at a semi formal event such as a wedding or reunion. Man in a black suit smiles at a female in a black sleeveless dress at a formal event. A young woman is flirting with her handsome date. A man and woman enjoying dinner at a party.	A man talks.	neutral
A man in a green shirt laughs next to a woman in a yellow sweater, holding a pink balloon and wearing a pink tiara. A teen in a green shirt laughs, while a girl with a yellow sweater, and a pink, plastic tiara, holds a balloon. A man laughs next to a woman wearing a pink hat, and holding a pink balloon. A girl with a pink tiara and pink balloon and a guy laughing.	Women hold hands and smile.	contradiction
A brown dog is running over an obstacle course with its mouth wide open. The brown dog is on the wooden stage with people behind it. A dog descends a ramp, teeth bared. A brown dog growls.	A brown and white dog barking.	entailment
A man in a gray t-shirt is playing guitar and singing. A rock band is playing in a dimly lit bar. A sweaty guy singing into a microphone. A Man playing electric guitar.	A musician playing instrument.	entailment
Toddler in blue shirt and beige khaki shorts and brown shoes, holding a small blue shovel, walking along beach shore with two white seagulls swooping towards him. A little boy with a blue shirt carries a blue shovel at the beach, as he runs towards a couple of seagulls. Child in tan shorts, blue striped shirt playing on a beach with birds A little child with a shovel is walking on a beach.	A child chases animals.	entailment
A bicyclist in a striped athletic outfit is leaning against a car and taking a drink. A bicyclist sits on a bike while leaning against a gray car and drinking something. A bicyclist in white and black tights is drinking in front of a mini van. A cyclist who is resting and rehydrating himself.	A man has his hand raised.	neutral
A man wearing a green coat and plaid scarf, is wearing spectacles and reading a book behind a blue backdrop. A man wearing glasses and a coat and checkered scarf is holding a book, saying something. A man in a gray coat and checkered scarf holds an open book. A man wearing a coat and scarf reads aloud on stage.	A man stands in front of a wall.	contradiction
Two men, 1 in yellow shirt, preparing to play in a high school band. The Bellingham High School band performing. A group of musicians are playing music. A band playing their instruments.	A man gambling.	contradiction
A paraglider landing in the water with a sailboard or small sailboat in the background. Splashing through the churning seas, a parasailer hangs on to his tow rope. A man crashing into the water whilst waterskiing or hang diving. A man, dressed in a black wetsuit, is jet skiing.	A man kayaking in the ocean.	contradiction
A young girl who is sitting on a giant orange pumpkin and is surrounded by pots of flowers smiles for the camera. A little girl sits on top of a pumpkin in front of an arrangement of vivid flowers outside. A little girl is posing on some pumpkins within an area surrounded by flowers. A little girl sits on top of a large pumpkin in a garden.	A dog poses.	contradiction
A member of the clergy carries a blue bag in his hand and talks on the phone as he walks. A priest carrying a small blue bag walking down the street talking on a cellphone. Priest in black walking on sidewalk carrying a blue bag and talking on cellphone. Priest walking with blue bag while talking on cellphone.	A man talks.	entailment
Two people sit at the table of a caricature artist in a mall. A couple visits an artist at her display table. Three people are sitting at a table together. Three people sitting at a table talking	Groups stroll.	neutral
Four people are lying down stacked on top of one another on a white sheet placed on the ground. A well-dressed group of mixed gender is rolling down a white slope inside a building. A group of four people are on top of each other and pose for a picture. Four females laying stacked on top one another and laughing.	A woman is running.	contradiction
Two men wearing white are performing a martial arts routine with long sticks in front of a crowd. A man and woman holding wooden polls and practicing martial arts moves in front of a crowd. They are performing martial art and the viewers are watching them. Two people with wooden staffs in a martial arts expo	A woman giving a performance.	entailment
There is a person in a green shirt riding a bike at an extreme angle in a rural area. A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend on a dirt track. A person riding a bike sideways through a dirt path. A blurred picture on a bicyclist.	A man rides a bike in the woods.	entailment
A tan dog and a black dog are biting each other in the face. Two dogs stand in water and bite each other 's mouths. Two dogs bite each other while playing around. A tan dog and a black dog fight.	A dog yawning.	contradiction
A person with a red cap and a white jacket is walking across a street with several other people. Many people, one in a red hat, are walking down a busy city street. A woman in a white parka and a red hat crosses a city street. A normal sunny day in a big city.	Men walking.	entailment
The Rockettes perform on the street in front of Radio City Music Hall, as well as next to a cop car. The Rockettes perform in the street in front of Radio City Music Hall in New York City. A group a young dancers perform together in front of Radio City. The Rockettes are performing outside of Radio City.	A crowd clapping.	neutral
A woman in a big purple hat and a long blue coat and a man with a satchel spending time in the city. A man and a woman, both in hats, stand on the sidewalk in a busy city. Two people are standing in the middle of a downtown area. Girl with floppy purple hat at intersection in big city.	A man standing working on a boat.	contradiction
A group of musicians inside of a living room with white walls and brown rugs playing their music. A five-piece male band is practicing at someone 's home. Several people gathered together playing instruments. Five people are sitting together playing instruments.	Middle-aged men playing instruments.	entailment
A man checking the temperature of a lady with an ear thermometer. Asian man in orange suit and with glasses examining a young girl. A girl smiles while interacting with medical personnel. An medical worker examines a young girl.	A man holds a phone.	neutral
Two Asian or Spanish people, a woman and a man, sitting together in front of a glass window as cars pass. A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman in a black and white blouse. A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman. A man and woman pose in front of some traffic.	A couple sitting.	entailment
Two children are sleeping while someone is fingering through a book of music. Children are sleeping as someone reads a song book. Reading sheet music with a sleeping child. A child sleeping as a person holds a book.	A woman singing.	contradiction
A group of African Americans sitting at the base of a large tree. A group of African people sitting under a tree in the hay. A group of people sits in the shade under a tree. Africans sitting around under a tree.	Many groups standing.	contradiction
A mother, her children, and their pet dog are on a beach and look like they are vacationing. A woman in a black bikini holds a baby at the beach, while another little girl watches a dog. A woman is standing on the beach holding a small child. A woman, her children, and a dog are on a beach.	A man standing.	contradiction
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on. A man is holding metal rims one with each hand while talking to two people. A man in black and white outfit jugging large white rings. A juggler bowing after a performance.	A man standing in a road.	entailment
An old man in a green shirt is walking down a paved path with three small children. A man and three kids walk up a paved hill. A Family going for a walk in a park. A family walks through a park.	A lady pushes a stroller.	contradiction
A little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box. A little girl in a green dress with blue dots is carrying a box with a handle. A little girl runs down a summer street with no shoes and a lunchbox. A young girl walks with a lunchbox.	A baby walking.	contradiction
A little boy is holding a lit sparkler in the backyard. A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air. A child spins a sparkler leaving a light trail. A boy waves around a sparkler.	A child playing in a bed.	contradiction
Two men, one dressed in official clothing, stand on a boat. Two people are standing on a structure next to water. Two crew members are on the deck of the boat. Two men standing on the top of a boat.	A man looking at his sculpture.	contradiction
A motocross rider riding a red bike with a red and white outfit is flying up in the air off of a ramp. A dirt biker soars above green trees with a blue, slightly cloudy sky in the background. A person in red and white doing a midair trick on their dirt bike. A man on a dirt bike is flying through the air.	A cyclist flying.	entailment
One man in green shorts, brown shirt and cowboy hat, outside cooking meal on open fire with iron skillets. A man wearing a cowboy hat and holding tongs tends to his campfire meal. A man in a cowboy hat grilling food at a campground bar-b-que. Man in cowboy hat cooking over a campfire in the dark	Women are cooking with a man.	contradiction
A man in an orange shirt smears something in a large white bowl. It takes a real man to clean a bucket with who knows what in it? A man in an orange shirt is using a scraper in a sifter. A man in an orange shirt dipping his hand into liquid.	Guys fighting.	contradiction
A young woman, dressed in a red shirt and black skirt, is dancing with a young man, dressed in a white shirt with red pants, in front of a projector screen which is showing a picture from a children 's film. A young man and young lady dancing on a carpeted floor with a picture from the movie Toy Story on a big screen in the background. A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance. Two people dancing, wearing dance costumes.	A man holding hands with a woman.	entailment
A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting. A small child in a coat looks out over the lake of a park in the fall. Some people standing around a pond with a bridge in the background. Sightseers are enjoying a cool day.	Ducks swim.	neutral
Four male members of a band wear all white outfits that include white skirts over white pants. Men dressed in tutus perform a musical act on stage. An all-male band performing in tutus A group of four guys wearing tutu	Man sings and plays guitar.	entailment
Two men, one in a green shirt, one in a white shirt, are building and stacking wooden crates. One man in a green shirt hammers wood, while another man in a white short moves a crate. Two men of Hispanic descent are working at the wood boards. The two men are stacking up crates outside.	A man kicking.	contradiction
A blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter. Woman behind the counter running a shop. A lady behind the counter selling cake. A woman is standing behind a counter.	A waiter stands.	neutral
A man in red shirt holding saxophone on street with his band. Five young men are playing music in the street. A group of musicians performing in the street. Street musicians trying to make some money.	A man singing and playing an instrument.	neutral
A young man wearing nail polish and sitting on the floor is looking through a book while a young woman stands over him. A girl is looking over a boy 's shoulder as he reads a book. A girl overlooks a boy sitting down reading a book. A guy is reading a book and sitting on the floor.	A man sweating.	contradiction
A young woman in a black sweatshirt is sitting on a concrete staircase, smoking a cigarette while working on her laptop. A woman sitting on some steps smokes a cigarette while accessing her laptop. A woman is sitting on a flight of stairs and smoking while using a laptop. A woman sitting on some steps, smoking a cigarette, on her computer.	A woman taking a break.	entailment
A goalie in a blue jersey catches a soccer ball by a player in a red jersey. A soccer goalie blocking a shot next to a player from the opposite team. A man catches a ball in front of a large crowd. Two soccer players are playing soccer.	A goalie waits.	contradiction
Little girl riding her toy on the sidewalk. A little girl rides a toy bike and laughs. A little girl rides a tricycle. A little girl rides a tricycle.	A child rides on a bicycle.	entailment
A man in a white shirt and a woman in a yellow shirt stand in the middle of a circle of people, while some people are clapping. A classroom full of students participating in a hands on activity. Students in a classroom gather around a teacher and pay attention. A group of students standing around a classroom.	A group of boys watching another boy.	contradiction
Several African children looking toward the blackboard in school, while two look back toward the camera. School children reading and listening in Africa. A crowded classroom in a third world country. A classroom full of kids of different ages.	A group biking.	contradiction
A group of people wearing white clothing and red sashes walk down a street. People in while shirts and pants are walking in the street. A man is walking down the street wearing white and red. People wandering along a street.	A man sits in his chair.	contradiction
A white dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball in its mouth. A white dog with a black collar jumps up to catch a tennis ball A white dog is in the air with a ball in its mouth. A small white dog jumping to catch a tennis ball.	A dog stands on three legs.	contradiction
A motorcycle with number five on front is being ridden by a rider wearing a red helmet. A competitive motorcycle racer prepares to make a left turn along a paved road. Professional motorcycle racer turning a corner A motorcycle driver swerves to the left.	Two men riding bicycles.	contradiction
Three children playing jump rope in the grass among the trees. Three school-aged children in uniforms jumping rope Three people playing jump rope in a field. Two people are jumping rope outside.	Some kids eating.	contradiction
A man and a woman staring at a very unusual mannequin in a quaint shop window. Two people wearing flip-flops and shorts walking down the street. A man and woman walk by a window with a mannequin in the window. A male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.	A couple walks together.	entailment
A young child in a blue flowery dress walks along a sidewalk near a gated wall. A little girl in a blue flower dress and black boots walking on the sidewalk. Young girl in floral dress walking down street A toddler in a dress walking away.	A child dances.	contradiction
A man with a black backpack and a woman with long dark hair and a teal colored shirt standing on some rocks looking at the ocean. A man and a woman standing on a cliff looking out over the ocean. A man and woman stand on a rocky shore gazing at the waves. Two people look out to the ocean.	A couple stands.	entailment
A middle-aged man wearing a black jacket and jeans, sitting in a chair in an IKEA store, smiling and looking relaxed. A man in a black coat is sitting on a piece of furniture in an IKEA store. In the IKEA store, a man sits on a chair. A man is testing out a chair at IKEA.	A man chasing someone.	contradiction
Three people are sitting on the couch and one person is sitting on the floor. Young adults relaxing on a sofa and the floor. A group of young people lounging on the couch. The gang watches some TV.	Tourist sits.	neutral
Two brown dogs are running over snow in a line. Two big brown dogs running through the snow. Two Weimaraners running in the snow. Two dogs running in the snow	Dogs walking.	contradiction
People are riding a boat in the body of water approaching a bridge. People looking over the rail at something in the distance. A group of people are looking at the river. People sit in a boat watching the water.	A group running.	contradiction
A woman standing on a rock with one of her legs up and her arms up. A woman standing on a high cliff on one leg looking over a river. A woman is standing on a rock overlooking a river. Woman on the clifftop trying to fly.	A woman carrying a little girl.	contradiction
A worker wearing a hazard cone on his head and holding a flare being photographed by two photographers as he leads a parade. Protesters carrying a red banner are on the street as photographers take pictures. Protesters in a foreign country being photographed for a news event. People are walking towards cameramen.	A guy walks.	entailment
A young girl in a pink top looks at a stack of newspapers in front of a fence. A little girl in a pink shirt is outside, looking at newspapers in a rack. A young girl in a pink dress stares at a metro newspaper rack. A little girl looking at newspapers.	An animal standing.	contradiction
A woman in a purple sweatshirt is writing something down while another woman looks along. The woman in purple with a pin and clipboard is waiting for the young lady to answer. A woman in a purple top and jeans talking to a woman in a roller derby. A woman is rollerblading as she hangs out with another woman.	A photographer talking.	contradiction
The black and brown dog is on a leash in a field and facing away from the camera. A dog looks out over green grass and flowers. A dog tied to a leash in an open grassy area. Small dog looking into background	A terrier stands.	entailment
A man standing on the street by a weird looking green mask. The bus behind the newspapers is multicolored. Artist on street corner selling his artwork. An artist adds painted decorations to a van.	Men do acrobatics.	contradiction
A man sits playing his accordion and he has a suitcase filled with CDs that he is selling for $15.0. A man is sitting outside with his suitcase open playing the accordion. A man in a restaurant playing an accordion. An old street musician playing music.	An older man playing an instrument.	entailment
A baby is peeking over the top of a blue playpen. A baby looks out over the edge of its playpen. A baby is peeking his head over blue playpen. A baby peeking out from inside her cot	A child standing.	entailment
A man with an orange jacket, takes the photo of four women, and a man in a greenish yellow suit. A man taking a picture of several people, including a man in a lime green suit. A group of friends get their photo taken with a man in a green suit. People taking pictures in a building.	A woman points.	neutral
A dirt bike racer jumping off a hill with another racer not far behind. A bicycle rider flies over a hill while a competitor is not far behind. A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track. Dirtbike rider jumps over a hill of a racetrack.	A rider doing stunts.	entailment
A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her. Two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other. Three children, dressed in heavy coats, gloves, and knit caps, cover their mouths. A child covers their mouth as they whisper to a friend.	A child stands on some rocks.	neutral
A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats. A choir performing a number on stage with an American flag in the background. A chorus is standing in front of an American flag in sailor hats singing. A choir made up of varying ages of people are performing.	Men shaking hands.	contradiction
A group of campers lakeside, preparing and barbecuing food Nueske employees are barbecuing meat for people to sample. Two men in red hats prepare meat on a small grill. Nueske 's Meat Specialties table near a lake.	Men in uniform.	contradiction
A dirt biker coming around a turn on a track with the word ATHENA in the background. A motorcyclist makes a sharp turn during a road race. Motorcyclist on motorcycle racing around track. A motorcycle rider is making a sharp turn.	Racers take a sharp turn.	entailment
A man in a gray and white striped hood points a camera at a blond woman in a striped bikini. A warmly dressed male photographer is taking pictures of a cold bikini model at the beach. The man with the camera is taking a picture of a lady in a bikini. Girl dancing on the beach.	An artist takes photos.	entailment
One lonely individual with a yellow backpack and khaki-colored ski pants is crosscountry skiing, high up in the mountains overlooking a large lake. A man wearing a blue jacket and a backpack is skiing through a snow covered forest. A backpacker in a blue jacket hikes up a winding trail on a snow covered mountain. A man is crosscountry skiing on a beautiful day.	A skier skies.	entailment
Two blond girls in fancy silver dresses are standing near a large green palm. Two small girls in white dresses standing in front of a large green plant. The girls are dressed up in silver and white and their hair is styled. Two young girls dressed formally	Two children standing in a field.	neutral
A young girl with long brown hair and dressed in black athletic wear is running towards a soccer ball. A young soccer player is about to kick the ball presumably to another player. A young soccer player getting ready to kick the ball. A girl wearing a black uniform is playing soccer.	A boy and girl dancing.	contradiction
A man in a neon green and orange vest stands in a crowd behind a woman with brown hair and glasses. The Asian in the green hat and green, orange and blue vest is looking at something. A dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd. Man in a bright green vest staring amid a crowd.	A worker sitting.	contradiction
A person is driving a black two-door sedan down a road next to a freight train 's cars. A man drives a black car in front of several large metal shipping containers. A man in a dark blue car drives past some storage trailers. Man drives car next to shipping containers.	Men fencing.	contradiction
It is the face-off at a hockey game with one team in yellow, the other in white. Two hockey teams are about to battle each other. Two hockey teams are playing hockey. They are playing ice-hockey.	Dogs facing each other.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt and black jeans and a little boy are taking a look inside a green truck 's engine while it is parked in a grass field with a gas tank in front of it. A young man and a toddler look under the hood of an old-fashioned truck. A man and children work on the engine of an old truck. Man working on old truck while child watches.	Men rafting.	contradiction
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball. The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player. Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball. A group of soccer players are playing soccer.	Three men playing soccer.	entailment
Three men wearing shorts stand in the parking lot of a building labeled a " factory. " Three men talk together while walking through a parking lot. Three older men are walking to the factory for work. Three men walk in a parking lot toward a factory.	A man sits in a parked car.	contradiction
People are walking through a crowded street. A man and a woman walking down a city street A man and a woman walk along the sidewalk. A couple walking down the street.	A man with a guitar standing.	contradiction
Two girls sitting at a table, one with her head on the table, the other with her head resting on the short wall. Two young women snooze at their restaurant table. Two women appear to sleep at a table in a diner. There are two girls in a restaurant.	A woman has fallen.	contradiction
Man with SANTANA 57 shirt sits in sparsely occupied seating area. A man wearing a green numbered shirt is sitting in a stadium. A green shirted man sits among the many unoccupied red seats. A photo of an arena with very few people in the stands.	A boy sitting.	entailment
A group of people wearing blue shirts are standing in front of some buildings. Children at maybe, at their School, or maybe, a Field trip. Students in matching uniforms in a city stand in groups. Chinese students dressed in blue shirts on a field trip.	Girls walking.	neutral
A young guitarist with red hair and a drummer with long dark hair play in an urban area in front of a Zune advertisement. A band is playing in front of a sign that reads " Zune ". A band playing outside a Zune building. A band plays music outside.	A musician performs on a stage.	neutral
A snowboarder is grinding on a rail down a slope with snow all around. A young person competes for the snowboarding title in their town. A young person snowboarding at night. A snowboarder who is doing a trick.	A snowboarder leaping.	entailment
A bunch of younger people are lying and sitting n blankets in the grass. Many young people are sitting and laying on blankets in a field. Youths sit and lie on blankets spread over a field of grass. Young people laying on blankets in a park.	A man sitting in front of his computer.	contradiction
The white and brown dog stands in front of the woods with its tongue hanging out. Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest A dog is standing on a footpath in front of a tree. A dog pants while standing in the woods.	A black and white dog walking.	contradiction
A young man in a plan white t-shirt is playing electric guitar on stage. A band of two young adult boys performs on stage. The guitarist performs a rocking solo. A young guy playing for an audience.	A man climbing.	contradiction
A woman in white is holding a blue umbrella and walking in the rain. A woman in a white dress is holding a blue umbrella in the rain. Lady wearing white shirt with blue umbrella in the rain. A woman alone in the rain with a blue umbrella.	Woman washing jeans.	contradiction
A couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background Two dogs play in a river, one is making a splash. Two dogs run through the water near trees. Two dogs are running through a small pond	Dogs standing.	contradiction
Several young people holding saxophones prepare for a performance. Young saxophone players wait during a pause in a performance. A group of music students are holding their saxophones. A high school band getting ready to perform.	A group plays an instrument.	entailment
Two women wearing pink T-shirts and blue jeans converse outside clothing store. Two women are standing outside a store wearing pink shirts and jeans. Two women talk in front of a clothing store. Two female co-workers talk on break.	Women competing against each other.	contradiction
Someone wearing a conical hat is gardening in the foreground while people dressed in blue are looking out in the opposite direction. A worker in a white straw hat with pink gloves on tending a small garden. A gardener in a blue jumpsuit and pink gloves is kneeling in the bushes. A worker is gardening in a variety of plants.	A group stands.	neutral
Two brightly dressed young women walk down the street and converse. Two young women in denim, polo shirts and sandals walk together. Two young black women walking down the street. Two women talk while walking downtown.	Ladies having fun.	entailment
A girl wearing a yellow dress is playing in water while others are watching. A little girl in a yellow shirt runs through a fountain in a busy park A little girl dressed in yellow splashes in a shallow pool. A girl in a yellow shirt plays in the water.	A child standing on the side.	neutral
A group of people sing and play instruments in a room with brick walls. A local band performing at a local venue. A band plays in front of a brick wall A band is performing indoors.	A man moves.	neutral
Two men work together to attach pieces of wood in a room set up for carpentry. Two men are working on a wooden structure in their warehouse. Two men are working on a carpentry project with hand tools. Two men are working on putting together a wooden frame.	Shirtless men fishing.	contradiction
A black dog nursing black and white puppies. A black dog nurses white puppies. Black dog with white puppies. A dog nurses her puppies.	Dogs laying on the floor.	entailment
A male has an angry look has he hold a container in front of a female. A man wearing a shirt and tie is holding a bottle of alcohol. A man at a restaurant table holds an empty bottle. A jokingly angry man holding alcohol	A man fetches a spoon.	contradiction
A seated man in a blue T-shirt and green cap rests against divider glass in a train car. A man in a green ha is tired from shopping so he sleeps in the train. An older black man in a blue shirt and green hat dozes on the subway. A man in a green hat is sleeping.	A man falling.	contradiction
A photograph with bizarre lines separating degrees of brightness depicts an old man and a young woman dancing at a fancy party as several people look on from their tables. An old man and a young woman are dancing back and forth in what looks to be a wedding surrounded by its attendants. A bride dances with her father at her wedding as the wedding guests look on. An old man and a young woman dance together while spectators look on.	A parent dances.	entailment
A bicycler is performing a trick in the air. A man in a beanie doing a bike trick. Picture of biker in midair of a jump. A BMX rider makes a jump.	A kid does a trick.	entailment
A woman is standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory. A lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment, which is most likely related to nurse-work. A woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment. Laboratory technicians are checking out some samples.	A woman gets in line.	contradiction
Two black males riding their bikes, one in a blue ball cap with white shirts and plaid shorts and the other in a blue and red ball cap blue polo shirt and black pants, while another male rides a bike obscured by his many plastic baskets. A man with tons of baskets and cleaning supplies pushes his cart down the street. A man with a shopping cart is selling wares on a busy city street. Men on bikes pass a man with an overloaded cart.	Men walking together.	contradiction
Someone building some type of wall while wearing a hat and smiling. A black male in a dirty white long-sleeved shirt is working. A man is smiling to take the photograph as he is working. A man wearing a hat is doing some work.	Man standing.	entailment
Clowns walking down the street, seemingly in a parade, with a Porta Potty in the background. Three clowns adorned in bright, festive clothing are parading down an urban street. Four clowns, two male and two female, are walking down the street and waving. Three people dressed as clowns are walking down a busy highway.	A group of performers walking.	entailment
Two men pushing wheelbarrows, two men looking at them, they are in the desert near some block construction buildings. A group of workers in the desert, two with wheelbarrows and two just standing around. Men are constructing a wall in the desert. Men pushing wheelbarrows in the desert.	A man explaining.	contradiction
A man and woman in swim clothes jump from a sleek white boat into clear blue waters just off the coast. A man and woman dive off the back end of a boat in to crystal blue water. A man and woman jumping off of a boat into blue waters. Two people are diving into the water off of a boat.	A man holding hands with a woman.	neutral
A boy standing next to large fountain, with an office building in the background. Kids are standing in the sprinklers getting soaked with water. People standing in water spouts in the city on a sunny day. People are playing in water fountains.	A passenger stands.	contradiction
A group of people wearing coats are having a conversation. A large group of people in a dimly lit room talking. A man with glasses talks to a group of friends. Group of people congregating at night.	A group having lunch.	neutral
An older man leads his white donkey, which is attached to a wagon. An old man holds the leash of a white mule dragging a red cart. A Slavic man holding his donkey for a picture. Man with cap leads donkey cart.	A man posing for a photo.	neutral
A girl 's red shoe sole is shown as the soccer ball flies through the air. A young girl is kicking a soccer ball in the grass. A child in a blue uniform kicks a soccer ball. The girl in blue kicks the soccer ball.	Blond child playing soccer.	neutral
A baseball player in a red jersey throwing a ball at the pitchers mound. A baseball team pitcher throwing a ball to the batter. A little league baseball pitcher in a red shirt. The pitcher is wearing a red uniform shirt.	A man standing on a base.	entailment
A dog wears an embellished bow while laying on a couch in the sunlight. A dog has its photo taken with a big bow made of ribbon on its head. A white dog has a red handkerchief over its face with gold stars. A dog with something on his or her head.	Dog sitting.	entailment
Several smiling people of varying ages sitting around a table with glasses of beer in front of them. A group of people are sitting at a table which has glasses of beer on it. A group of people at a table with glasses of beer smiling. We drank so much even Uncle Henry was smiling.	Two men sitting.	contradiction
Two women are in a clothing store, and the woman in the green shirt is grabbing something from the rack. Two women, one in a black shirt and one in a green shirt, shopping in a store with purses on the wall. Two elderly females shopping in a department store currently looking at stockings. Two ladies at a store shopping for hosiery.	A smiling woman holds a child.	contradiction
Several people stopped waiting for a train to pass. A crowded city with vehicles and people on bikes. A crowd of people waiting at a train crossing. A large crowd waiting at a train crossing.	A crowd walking.	contradiction
There is a man and woman seated at a table with red chairs outside on a street corner while a man in a navy jacket walks by carrying bags. A male in a business suit, talking with a brunette female, having breakfast and sitting in red chairs outside a cafe. A couple in business attire sit on a corner cafe with al fresco dining. A couple seated at an outdoor cafe surrounded by empty seats.	A man eats at a restaurant.	entailment
A man jumps from a concrete slab to the surface below as someone on the lower level ignores him. A skateboarder jumps off a building 's raised platform as another young man films him. One man in a red sweatshirt skateboarding while a man in a blue sweatshirt films him. A skateboarder does a trick off a dock while a photographer documents it.	A skater makes a jump.	entailment
A woman wearing a white hat and shirt is jogging down a street with a plant store on the corner. A woman in a white shirt and blue shorts is wearing headphones. A person in blue shorts and wearing a Walkman jogs. A woman walks on a street wearing headphones.	A man jogging.	contradiction
Two brown-haired well-endowed women are wearing low cut two-piece outfits. Pretty young women out for an evening of fun with friends. Two beautiful girls are showing their splendid bodies. The Seattle Belly Dancers competition contest.	A mom smiles.	contradiction
A woman wearing a gray sweatshirt and blue jeans is laying on a fold-out bed with another girl who is wearing a black sweater white belt with studs and black jeans Two girls, wearing their street clothes, are laying on a pulled out sofa-bed. Two girls are laying down together on a couch Two girl in hoodies lay on a bed.	Children sleeping on a mat.	contradiction
Hikers, riders, and horses make their way down the dusty hill. Two horse riders and three walkers are going down a dusty path. Two girls on horseback being led by guys. Horseback riding in the mountains	A group walks.	entailment
There are two men on a stage with guitars greeting each other. Two men are touching hands while holding guitars on stage. Two male guitarist doing a handshake. Two guitarists converse on stage.	Band members perform on stage.	neutral
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch. A catcher in a red and white uniform plays at a baseball game. A child catcher reaching out his mitt to catch a ball. The boy is bending down ready to catch the ball.	A baby standing.	contradiction
A little boy wearing a blue shirt is playing around large tires. A young boy wearing Mickey Mouse clothes in a jungle gym. The little boy is playing by tires. A child smiling in a park	Boys sparring.	contradiction
A motocross rider at night high in the air above the dirt. A bicyclist becomes airborne among dirt hills at night. A man jumps his dirt bike at night. The rider is jumping his BMX bike.	Someone performing a skateboard trick.	contradiction
A balding man in a striped shirt squatting down in the floor. A middle-aged man crouches in a dirty room. A man is bending over to clean something. An older gentleman reaching to the floor.	A man kneeling.	entailment
A young lady with a peach shirt and a white pearl bracelet is handing back some cash to a little boy. An attractive girl sells things to boys. A worker is working at a carnival. Guys handing a girl money.	A woman doing exercise.	contradiction
A bicycle race, with bicycle riders dressed in multicolor uniforms, with a man recording it. A man on a black mountain bike rides through a course filled with other bikers. A man filming a bike race, with a female biker in the foreground. A group of men are biking through the grass.	Cyclists watch.	neutral
A woman in a white top at an outdoor picnic finishes off her meal from a paper plate, with a 2-liter bottle of Sprite at her elbow. Woman licks her plate and fork clean at the end of a meal. A blond woman is licking her paper plate and fork clean. A lady eating from a plate next to a Sprite bottle	A lady sitting.	entailment
A lady with long brown hair smiles at someone off to the side, while a man wearing glasses and holding a beer next to her looks down. Several people are drinking and socializing at a party. A young woman and some friends at a party. A man with a beer is looking at his beer.	A man smiling with a beverage.	entailment
Two men wearing button up shirts standing at a podium with medical slides showing on a screen behind them. A man in dress clothes and a man in jeans at the front of an auditorium. Two men giving a medical seminar, to a small crowd. There are two guys near the podium.	Group sleeping.	contradiction
A group of motorcyclists are parked alongside and riding down a road. A group of motorcyclists sit on their bikes on a street. Motorcycles wait on the street for a ride to begin. Most of the people are riding their motorcycles	Riders gather.	entailment
A woman with a tote bag exchanges conversation with people at a trade show. A man and a woman are talking to a man in a room filled with people. A happy young couple having a glass of whine and talking. Men and women at reception at a business conference	A couple speaking.	entailment
A baseball game where the red team has just gotten the white runner " out " by the baseman catching the ball. A baseman is holding out his glove to catch a ball and tag his opponent out. A runner is about to be tagged out at first base by a well-aimed throw. Two baseball teams are playing on a field.	A few men marching.	contradiction
One policeman sitting on his motorcycle with two fellow policeman standing to the left Three policemen, one on his cop bike, wearing black uniforms with black boots. Two standing policemen and one sitting on a motorcycle smile for the camera. Two policemen are standing and one policeman is sitting on his motorcycle.	Another officer sitting.	entailment
A man in a red shirt with decorative fringe playing a banjo outdoors with a young girl in a red shirt is next to him beating a drum with her hand. A man wearing red is playing a banjo in the street. A man with a red fringed shirt is playing a banjo. A man wearing a red shirt is playing the banjo	A man plays an instrument while others look on.	entailment
A group of shopper are enjoying their day at a farmers market. People browsing at all the produce at a place of business. At a supermarket, people are buying their groceries. Several people are going to eat tripe.	A crew stands.	contradiction
A boys soccer game is taking place, and one boy in a white jersey is kicking the ball. An intense soccer game, with a boy about to kick the ball. A group of guys that are playing soccer on a soccer field. A group of young boys are playing soccer.	An audience watching.	neutral
A boy is airborne on his skateboard above a set of rails in an industrial setting. A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks. A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks. A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track.	A skater doing a jump.	entailment
A large, black dog is running in the sand on the beach. A black dog is running along the beach. A black dog running on the beach A black dog running on a beach.	A dog walking.	contradiction
A horse and rider are in midair as they leap over an obstacle in a wooded area with another photographer snapping pictures. An equestrian sits upon a brown horse which is attempting to leap over an obstacle. A woman is on horseback, jumping over a wall made of twigs and metal. A girl in blue rides a horse over a tall jump.	A man riding an animal.	contradiction
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph. A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips. A man and a woman smile as they dance. A man and a woman posing for a picture	A man facing the ocean.	contradiction
Two female nurses are standing by a pushcart in a hospital hallway. Two women in scrubs are standing behind a cart labeled GDSD. Two young nurses display toys for children to play with. Two women are standing next to each other in a hospital.	Two women climb a wall.	contradiction
People are eating and drinking beer in an outdoor dining area, one man holding a green menu is laughing. People eating outside of a restaurant, enjoying themselves and drinking beer and other drinks. A lot of people eating in a common area. People eating and drinking outdoors.	A group laughing.	entailment
This gentleman is standing outside trying to make something he has his tools on this makeshift table and a couple of men are watching him. A man is doing some work outdoors that requires some tools, like a mallet and chisel, while another man looks on smiling. A man in a red pullover is creating a work of art on a cement block in the city square while onlookers gleefully watch. An artist crating some stone art for tourist.	A man works on a white sculpture.	entailment
College students sitting on the floor cheering for something. Several people in a group are sitting and laughing together. A group of people sitting down and having a good time. A group of friends cheering at the TV.	A group gathering.	entailment
A woman and little boy are smiling and the child is tasting something on a long wooden spoon. A young mother is letting her child lick a wooden cooking spoon clean. A woman holds a young boy who has a wooden spoon in his mouth. A mother and child are baking.	A child embraces someone.	neutral
A collection of blue tents, one of which says " Exodus ", are set up in a lush landscape. A woman in a blue shirt is standing by a blue tent. Someone standing between several large tents. Blue tents in the country next to a hill	A group is outside.	contradiction
A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop. Boy with American flag shirt bounces basketball. A young boy playing basketball. A boy with a basketball.	A boy dribbles the ball.	entailment
A man in a black shirt photographs a group of girls in the woods. A man taking a picture of a group of people in a park. A group of kids are posing outside for nice picture. A man films a group of girls in the outdoors.	A very young child sitting.	contradiction
A man is wearing a white habit with black polka dots and smoking a cigarette. A man dressed in black and white with polka dots is smoking a cigarette. A man is dressed up in a black polka dotted hat and cape. A man with a cigarette and queen of cards costume	A man riding a bicycle.	contradiction
A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him. One young man flying on his skateboard above a flight of stone stairs while another young man videotapes him. A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt. A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.	A man flips.	contradiction
A husband and wife walk by a marketplace while traveling. A young couple walk past a street vendor selling food. There is a couple walking through a farmer 's market. A couple walks through an open air market.	A man walks.	entailment
An older woman bringing a cake to a group of sitting and excited children. An elderly woman is presenting a cake to a group of kids. An elderly woman serving birthday cake to happy children An old woman brings a cake to a group of children.	A woman has food with a friend.	contradiction
A man is videotaping another man who is beginning to climb up a metal structure. A thrill seeking bungee jumper is being filmed as he ascends the tower. A man climbing a pole with another person filming it. A man in a blue jumpsuit prepares to bungee jump.	A man grinds.	contradiction
An man wearing a yellow shirt, denim suspenders and an orange hat reading under the rear tire of a vehicle as a child watches. A man laying on the ground with his arm under a car white a little boy is watching him. A man is working under a white vehicle while a child watches him. Man working under a vehicle being watched by a small child.	A boy helps his father.	neutral
A woman with tattoos and a bookbag walking through the forest. A tattooed woman carries her belongings in a green backpack. A lady lugging a bag full of clothes in a forest. A woman carries a backpack and teal jacket.	A woman standing.	contradiction
A multicultural group of friends sitting down in an outdoor floor and hanging out to together during a cold busy night. Young adults posing for a photo at night, somewhat chilly outside. Three women and a man in a hat sitting cross legged in a group. Four people are sitting down on a sidewalk.	A group waiting.	entailment
Three dogs chasing each other in the snow. Three dogs are playing around in the snow. Two dogs play together in the snow. Three dogs play in snow.	Dog standing.	contradiction
A little girl smiles in her snowsuit while playing in the snow. A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow. A small child stands in the snow and smiles. Smiling child standing in the snow.	A guy smiling.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt is watching three trucks that are being swept away by flood waters. A person in black pants and blue jacket holding an umbrella in front of cars in a flood A man in a blue shirt stands holding his umbrella as flood waters rise around him. Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water.	A man walking.	contradiction
An overhead shot of people gathered in a casino. People wait for their luggage at the airport. People waiting for their bags in an airport. People are waiting to get their luggage.	A group waits.	entailment
Two little girls are sitting on a yellow rubber ball toy. The two girls are playing on a yellow sit-and-bounce. Two girls bounce on a large yellow ball indoors. Two smiling girls sit on a yellow bouncy ball.	Children sitting.	entailment
A group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone. Teenagers play music with horns and saxophones. A bunch of young adults playing instruments. Band of kids playing instruments.	An orchestra performing a piece.	entailment
A construction worker in a gray shirt and jeans crouches next to an orange bucket and white bags of materials. A man who appears to be a construction worker smiling at someone. Dark-haired construction worker in a building. A smiling construction worker kneeling down.	A man taking a break from working.	neutral
Two jockeys lead their horses over an obstacle during a race. A Jockey riding the # 4 horse is jumping over the hedge. Two jockeys riding horses are jumping over a barrier. Two people race their horses.	A man cycling.	contradiction
A girl stands on a surfboard which a man is standing behind and holding. A man helps a girl get up on a turquoise surfboard. A little girl learns to surf with an instructor. Two people on a surfboard in the water	Children sit on a ride.	contradiction
A young boy standing at the front of a group of children is wearing a green shirt and holding his hands on his head. A group of children listening to a teacher read a story in the library. A child in a green shirt is in a crowded classroom. Children at a library in group waiting.	Children sitting on stools.	entailment
An official in a white shirt riding a black and white motorcycle. An older man in a white shirt riding a motorcycle. An older gentleman riding a motorcycle. A policeman is riding a motorcycle.	An officer sits.	entailment
A dog is jumping over a log in a wooded area while carrying another log. The dog carries a stick and jumps over a log in the woods. The dog jumps over the log with a stick in its mouth. Dog carries stick and jumps over a log.	A dog jumps over a tree in a forest.	entailment
A young boy is bowling for one pin with a ball outside, while three other people are in the background. Three kids and a mother having fun outdoors with the kids as the play different activities A young boy is rolling a yellow ball down the pavement towards a bowling pin. A small child throws a bowing ball at a single pin.	A woman helps another child.	neutral
A small brown dog is running over grass littered with dry leaves. A little brown dog is running on the grass. A little brown dog runs through the grass. A little brown dog is running in a field.	Retrievers running.	contradiction
A pole vaulter going over the top of the bar with a crowd watching on in the background. A man pole vaults very high as an audience sits in the stands to watch. An athletic person is performing in an Olympic game. The man is in the middle of a pole vault	Guy singing.	contradiction
A woman is propping her leg up revealing cleavage, a great tattoo, and some kicking boots. A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots. A woman in black clothes with one leg up. A woman dressed in black.	A girl posing.	neutral
The martial artist in the foreground lands a kick on his opponent 's thigh, while the crowd and judges watch from a distance. A martial artist lands a blow to the thigh of his opponent while a referee throws up his hand. Two men participate in a match while wearing karate garb. Two martial arts fighters spar at a competition.	Men fighting.	entailment
Two young men with shaggy hair are waiting outside, wearing warm clothes and backpacks. Two long-haired boys are by a white window. Two teenage boys walking on the street. Two young men walking together.	Men with long hair standing.	entailment
Two men wearing yellow vests are lounging with their eyes closed in two cycle rickshaws. Two bicycle taxi (rickshaw) drivers sleeping in the cabs of their vehicles. Two bicycle taxi drivers rest on the seats of their taxis. Two people in yellow vests rests in carts.	A man with a beverage sits.	contradiction
One guy in a striped shirt drinking in a beer sitting next to a guy in a blue shirt smiling. Two male friends are riding the train together while relaxing and drinking beer. Two men, one who is drinking a beer, are sitting, smiling at the camera. Two middle-aged men relaxing in some sort of transportation	Friends pose for a picture.	entailment
Several African Americans are outside in front of a store, with four children, two women, and one man, and the interest of three of the subjects are capture by something off-frame. Four children are sitting on the ground next to a tree that is white around the trunk. Several adults stand and four children sit in front of a small store. Four little black boys and three black adults are outside of a store.	Campers sit.	contradiction
A group of people are conversing while a man in a white shirt takes notes. Six casually dressed people lounge around a small coffee table. A mixed group of men and women relax in a formal living room. People in chairs around a table	Man writes in a notebook.	entailment
The woman in the blue top is holding a pink jacket in her arms A young lady looking disgusted wearing a blue shirt. A girl looking away while holding a jacket. A woman in a blue shirt looks unhappy.	A woman standing.	entailment
Co-workers in restaurant take a short break to smile at the camera amidst folding napkins at a table. Three women rest at a table with blue napkins and pitchers of water. Three women taking a break from their duties in a restaurant. The lady in the glasses is resting in a restaurant kitchen.	Waiter waiting.	contradiction
A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow. A boxer leaps in the snow. Large dog out in the snow. A dog above snow.	A brown and white dog standing.	contradiction
A brown-haired keyboardist in a white t-shirt and blue jeans performing with his band. A young man in a white shirt playing keyboard. A member of a band is playing a keyboard. A man playing keyboard with a rock band.	A musician sings while a musician plays in the background.	neutral
A man wearing a white helmet is abseiling down a sandy colored rock face. A man dressed in all black is climbing down a mountain supported by cords A rock climber with a white helmet is repelling. A man does technical rock climbing.	A man climbing the side of a cliff.	entailment
A little girl in a pink dress going into a wooden cabin. A little girl climbing the stairs to her playhouse. A little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse. A girl going into a wooden building.	A child climbing a set of stairs.	entailment
Two men in black shirts playing electric instruments in a room. A band performing with a closeup on the singer. Two members of a band are playing music. Rock band performing on a small stage.	A man boarding.	contradiction
A seamstresses works to fit model mannequins in her darkened studio. A woman is working on corsets in her office. A woman stands in a sewing room. A seamstress 's work area.	Firefighter stands in front of a firetruck.	contradiction
Two men in a foreign country smiling, one standing and one sitting with his legs crossed. Two black men look at camera while hanging out next to a cart that is pulled by a human. A man sits on a colorful man-drawn carriage, while another man stands beside it. Two black males in front of a rickshaw.	Two boys pose.	entailment
Two people are walking around the grounds of a castle. Two people walking outside a castle. A stone wall with lush green grass. People walk beside a stone wall.	Man and lady walking.	entailment
Several people noticing a couple who seems to be painted in silver paint. A woman poses with a statute of two people dressed in fancy clothes. A blond woman poses with two people painted to look like statues. A woman posing for a picture next to an odd attraction.	A woman standing.	entailment
A man in a black t-shirt holding a baby in a diaper and blue shirt on his lap. A man is steadying a diapered, blue-shirted infant on his knee. A baby in a blue shirt and diaper is being held by a man. A man with a black shirt watching a baby.	A boy sitting on a man.	entailment
Middle-aged man in jeans and dark blue t-shirt carrying a black item and walking across a lawn. A man in a dark shirt and glasses walks in grass while looking at something in his hands. A man with glasses walking looking at something in his hands. A man in a park holding a ball.	A man ponders his situation.	neutral
A bass player girl, who is performing at a concert one of the bands songs. Blond white girl with dreads rocks out on bass guitar. A young woman playing the guitar. A woman plays her guitar.	Two men on stage playing instrument.	neutral
A woman holding a microphone wearing a brown jacket, in front of a sign which says " comedians you should know. " A brunet male in a brown blazer talking to an audience at a comedian show. A woman with dark hair and a brown coat holding a microphone on stage. A white comedian with long hair performs on stage.	A performer doing an act.	entailment
A little boy is kicking a blue ball on the carpet surrounded by toys. A boy kicks a ball in his living room. A boy kicks a blue ball in a room. A child kicks a ball into the air.	Kids floating.	contradiction
One soccer team, wearing red shirts, and one wearing black shirts appear on the field in a crowded stadium. Two soccer teams, one in red and white, the other in black square off on the field. Soccer players walk to their positions between plays. Two teams playing soccer against each other.	Fans cheering.	neutral
Several children are in a tree, laughing and with their hands on their chins. Eight tan children making faces in a tree Children posing in a tree Children climb a tree.	A group climbing.	entailment
A baseball player with the number seven on his back swings the bat and is preparing to run, as other players watch the ball fly away. Everybody (including the catcher and guys in the dugout) watch where the ball goes after it is hit by the batter. A major league baseball player has just hit the ball and is about to run. Number 7 on a baseball team having made a hit and about to make a run.	Some boys watch.	entailment
A kayaker is battling waves in a purple boat while wearing rain gear. A man is paddling in whitewater rapids. Person kayaking in white water. A man kayaks in rough water.	Man swimming.	contradiction
Six elderly men wearing cowboy hats, one of which is holding a rein for a horse. Six people wearing cowboy hats with the foremost person wearing sunglasses. Men in western style shirts and cowboy hats sit with a horse nearby. A group of men wearing cowboy hats are sitting next to a horse.	A group taking a break.	entailment
Two construction workers operate a large piece of construction equipment. A man in a yellow shirt dozes while riding a crane. Two men hanging around a construction site. Person in yellow T-shirt is sleeping.	Cheerleaders sitting.	contradiction
Several people are in an enclosed garden space while a young Black boy and another person hold onto a wooden frame of a raised plant bed. A young African American boy holds up a piece of wood to be secured in place. Boy in a black striped shirt bending over a wooden board. Black boy aligning wooden panels.	A group building something.	entailment
Four men on a street where the paint is peeling from the walls of the buildings. Men standing outside a building all wearing white shirts. Four men are hanging out in front of a building. Four men in white shirts standing on a street.	A man gardening.	contradiction
A man with gray hair is sitting on a stool reading a newspaper in a market type setting. A man in a white shirt reads while waiting to sell fruit. A man in reads the newspaper and sells his produce. A man reads his newspaper while selling fruit.	Birds sit.	contradiction
Two young girls are playing on swings, and one is holding the other girls swing " still. " Two teenage girls take turns helping each other on the swings in the park. Two girls are swinging in harnessed rides. Two women are swinging on a ride.	Women sitting.	entailment
Man wearing sneakers and a gray T-shirt sits on his haunches facing a drum set with electrical cord around him. A musician in a simple gray tee is kneeling in front of his drums on a wooden plank stage. A man with a gray shirt is rehearsing in front of an empty drum set. A man is sitting in front of his drum set performing.	Children sitting on a couch.	contradiction
A woman in a red shirt is gesturing behind a male in a white shirt. The man in this picture shrugs off his friends sarcastic attitude. A man and a woman inside of a dark location with a drink nearby. A male and female are at a table with a drink.	A man sitting by a window.	neutral
A man in a blue pin striped shirt waiting for his food that he has ordered. A man is watching a restaurant worker prepare raviolis in a metal dish. A man in a white shirt waits for a person to prepare the food. An old customer waits for his food from a vendor.	A man standing in front of a counter.	entailment
A bunch of children sitting in chairs and standing on wooden floors. A young group of children sitting in a row against the wall. A group of children sitting on folding chairs and playing. A group of children sit, stand, and kneel along a wall.	Kids talking.	entailment
Three women are inside a bar are all holding drinks in their hands. Three blond ladies are sitting in the bar drinking. Three blond women are socializing at the bar. A blond woman holds her drink up in a bar.	Friends drinking beverages.	entailment
A person in a long-sleeved striped top stands near a cat in front of a glass-doored beverage cooler in a store. A man in a sweater is cooking while his black and white cat sits next to him. An Asian man kept company by his cat is cooking in his apartment. A man is working in a small store with his cat.	Man reading a manual.	contradiction
A woman in a purple sweater stands with her arms folded beside several pieces of luggage while two other women stand beside her, looking in her direction. A group of ladies stands outside a station with their luggage. Women with their luggage waiting outside an airport terminal. Three women waiting at the airport with their luggage.	Women having a conversation.	neutral
People sitting down mending fishing nets alongside a river on a cloudy day. People sitting down in a shipyard with boats tied down in the background. A group of fisherman relaxing by the pier after a hard day of fishing. Employees are trying to fix the tangled nets for the fishing boat.	A man resting.	contradiction
A woman with a blue jacket is posing for a picture while skiing down a mountain A woman skier smiles for the camera while on a snowy slope. A woman on a ski slope. A girl skiing.	A woman rises.	contradiction
A shot looking down at a group of girls who are dressed up and holding glasses of alcohol. A woman in a gray top gestures next to a woman with a knit had holding a wineglass. Two women who did not aim the camera at their faces. Two women having fun at a party.	A group of girls standing.	entailment
A female fan dancer wearing a top, a skirt with beats, and carrying a fan in each hand, with a bemused expression on her face as she looks to her left, performs in front of a guitarist and a drummer. A female belly dancer dressed in blue and orange performs a folding fan dance with two men providing the music behind her; they are using a guitar and drums. A female belly-dancer with two large fans, in front of a band. A woman is performing a native dance in front of a band.	Another man playing an instrument.	entailment
One man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left. Three people are waiting on the curb as a man walks by. A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building. Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.	Two men standing on a sidewalk.	entailment
Two rock and roll performers on stage playing their guitars performing in front of a crowd. To me, it looks like a hard Rock singer, on stage. An older guitar player is playing guitar on stage. Some rock musicians are playing at a concert.	Men with long hair playing instruments.	entailment
A man and woman stand on a boulder by the river as he sweeps her off her feet. A couple embracing while standing on a rock. An Asian man and woman embrace playfully. A couple is posing for a picture outside.	A man leaning on a structure.	contradiction
A woman in a black shirt gives a presentation while projecting slides onto a screen. A woman is presenting various documents using multimedia equipment. A woman does a presentation in a dark room. Woman with glasses gives a presentation.	A woman leans.	neutral
A small boy in sandals sits on a wooden post in a field. A child sits on top of a large tree stump. A boy sits on a tree stump. A boy sitting on a stump.	A boy drawing.	neutral
A beautiful picture of a coastal beach and lighthouse showing a young man soaking up the warm sun rays. A young man sunbathing on a beautiful beach with a tower in the middle of the sea. A man lies next to the water on a beautiful day to enjoy the great view. There is a man lying in the sun next to the ocean.	A man discussing.	contradiction
Three young women standing in front of a photo booth. Three friends hanging out around a photo booth. Three women standing next to a photo booth. Three women talking outside somewhere.	A group talking.	entailment
Two security guards in tan uniforms stand on the sidewalk next to a golf course. Two officers in tan standing on the side of a city street. Two men in tan uniforms standing near an eye clinic. Two soldiers are standing guard in the city	Police stand.	entailment
A person doing a bicycle jump, a skyline in the background. A boy wearing a white helmet jumping on his bike. A biker gets high in the air against a skyline. A man is in the air on his bicycle.	A man performing a stunt on a bike.	entailment
Two children, running toward the photographer, with a dilapidated tents in the background. Two young children running towards the camera in a poverty stricken dirt covered area. Two children, a boy and a girl, running across the dirt. Two children run through a dirt field behind some tents.	Children move.	entailment
A young girl jumps into the deep end of a swimming pool while a young boy is nearby. A girl with a boy standing behind her is stepping into a swimming pool Young girl jumping into a swimming pool. A girl in a bikini jumps into a pool	A man playing with a blond child.	contradiction
A little girl in a pink, blue, orange and green hat with her hands on her face posing for the camera. A little girl with a knit hat laying on a pillow propping her head up with her hands. Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion. Asian Child in fancy hat posing for picture	A child smiling.	entailment
A group of people wearing various shades of white performs at an activity center on stage. A stage performance appears to lead to violence while the band plays on. Audiences enjoy a lively Spanish-language musical performance. A group of people are on a stage in front of an audience.	Group sleeping.	contradiction
Two boys watch are watching their own bowling balls roll down their respective lanes, towards the pins at the end of the alley. Two boys release a bowling balls down their respective lanes. Two young boys are bowling with bumper guards. Two boys throw bowling balls down lane.	Boys have fun.	entailment
Man sitting on a bench by the shoreline tying his shoe. A man sits on a bench near the beach, tying his shoe. Old man sitting down by the beach. A man tying his shoe at a beach.	A man stands up.	contradiction
A skier is skiing down the snow wearing a white shirt and black shorts. People in summer clothing racing down a snowy hill. A man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow. A man in shorts skis down a hill.	Skiers competing.	neutral
Three men inside a building working on a construction project. Three men are working on a home improvement project. A man supervising workers in a workshop. A man is cutting wood with a power tool.	Men competing with each other.	neutral
A man in a green t-shirt and long tan apron hacks apart the carcass of a cow while another man hoses away the blood. Two men work in a butcher shop; one cuts the meat from a butchered cow, while the other hoses the floor. A butcher cutting an animal to sell A man at work, butchering a cow.	Men watching others.	contradiction
The woman in purple sweatshirt speaks while her friend in green sweatshirt listens. Three women standing by a table with drinks on it on a city sidewalk. Three women standing at a table on the sidewalk Women enjoying drinks at a table outside.	A group stands around outside.	entailment
A young girl with a flower on her shirt rides a skateboard while a young boy wraps something around her. A little girl riding a skateboard while a boy swings a toy at her. A young boy is draping a toy over a young girl on a skateboard. A boy hitting a girl on a skateboard with a plushie snake.	A boy jumps up.	contradiction
Two puppies inside a vehicle are watching a woman exit another vehicle close by. Two dogs in a parked red car watch a woman with sunglasses emerge from her car. Two dogs in a red vehicle looking at a woman getting out of her vehicle. Two white dogs are watching a lady while they are in a red truck.	Two black boys sit.	contradiction
A band plays on stage surrounded by audio equipment. Musical band in red light getting ready to perform. Four women are on stage singing. A band plays on a small stage.	A man adjusts the equipment.	entailment
Three women in yellow polo shirts are sitting and smiling at a round wooden table with three purses and a water bottle on it. Three women wearing yellow shirts are smiling at the camera. Three women in yellow shirts sit at a table. Three ladies posing for the camera	Woman studying.	neutral
A line of people at a carnival game, with one woman failing her right arm. A lady throwing an object at a target trying to win a prize at a carnival. A woman is attempting to knock over a glass by throwing a potato. A group of people are at a fair playing a game.	Women with dogs standing by a man.	contradiction
A group of people stand in front of an establishment called The Deep End. A group of people stand outside under a sign that says The Deep End. There are many people gathered near a sign reading The Deep End. People stand in front of a sign that says " The Deep End. "	A group walking.	contradiction
A group of four kids stand in front of a statue of a large animal. Four children are standing to pose for a photo. Four dirty and barefooted children. Four children.	A child walking.	contradiction
A young girl wearing a blue, flowered, spaghetti strap dress is eating marshmallows on a stick while sitting in a bucket of water. A little girl of Asian descent, is sitting in a black bucket eating a marshmallow, with a big smile on her face. A girl is crouched in a bucket eating a popsicle. Enjoying a cold snack on a hot summer day.	A child holding a stick.	entailment
A man with brown hair, eyeglasses, and a gray long-sleeved shirt is holding a telephone in his left hand. Man in white collared shirt and glasses listening to the phone. Man leaning on desk listening to someone on phone. A man is making a phone call.	A man talking.	entailment
A man is walking across a city street with his son. The father and his son are walking outside. Man shielding son from on coming traffic. A boy is out on the town with his father.	A man using his arm to protect a boy.	entailment
Three men, two of them on one soccer team wearing blue, and one man, from the other soccer team wearing red, with the ball in play, controlled by a man in blue. A soccer team dressed in blue has control of the soccer ball, while an opposing teammate in red is looking on. Soccer players in their uniforms running up the field in the middle of a game. Three young men playing a game of soccer.	Teams watching.	entailment
Two boys with their shirts rolled-up are standing outside and there are some other people behind them and in the background. A boy with a white shirt rolled up is showing his stomach and smiling. A couple young boys twist up their t-shirts to expose their midriffs. A group of boys are standing and smiling on a walkway.	A girl and boy play games.	contradiction
Sting is singing and playing the guitar before an audience. An older man playing rock guitar at a live show A band playing s song in front of a crowd. A band playing on a stage.	A man standing outside of a shop.	contradiction
An older man in a suit peels a carrot while kneeling in the midst of a crowd of onlookers. An old gray-haired man demonstrates a vegetable peeler on a carrot. A gentleman is showing a crowd how to peel carrots with his peeler. An old man peeling carrots in front of a crowd.	A cook watches.	neutral
A yellow dog running through a grassy area carrying something small in its mouth. A young puppy with a red collar running with a leaf in its mouth. A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth. A dog runs while holding an object in its mouth.	A dog swims.	contradiction
Street with many white tents with display table with people walking nearby. A woman looks over a table of organic vegetables at a farmer 's market. A street market filled with white tents, pedestrians, and vendors. A crowd walks along a sidewalk of a farmers market.	Men walking.	neutral
A group of male singers arranged in a semicircle on a stage holding folders while other people take pictures of them. A choir performing on stage with photographer in the audience. A boys choir, dressed neatly in suits, is on the stage. There is a man taking a picture of the choir.	Men standing.	neutral
Three men, one wearing a hat and two who are not, are kneeling on the ground digging in the dirt surrounding a cement platform. Two men trying to ready a spot for concrete installation. Three male workers digging and rebuilding a sidewalk. Three men with shovels kneeling down and digging.	A guy dancing.	contradiction
A group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate. A group of seven Asian girls and boys are waiting to cross a street. Group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street. A group of people cross the street with buckets and poles.	A bicyclist waits.	contradiction
Woman in a blue shirt drinks while cooking over a grill. Woman in blue shirt and blue jeans at a barbecue Woman in blue grilling under a gazebo. A happy lady is doing the cooking.	A woman dancing.	contradiction
Two groups of people dressed in black clothes and with brown hair, except for one blond woman, hold separate conversations. A total of five people in black clothes are having conversations in a plain white room. A group of five young people all dressed in black in a dimlight room A group of dressed-up people talking.	Men talking.	neutral
A woman, dressed in black pants and white shirt, is carrying a white bag and is walking with a crowd of people. People walk down a busy city street on a sunny day. A crowd of people walking along a busy street. People walk down a busy street.	Police walking.	neutral
A white puppy is carrying a black bird in its mouth. A white dog carries a gray bird in a field. The dog returns with the hunter 's bird. A puppy catching a bird	A dog holds an animal in its mouth.	entailment
Four people wait by the side of the road, with a wall covered in Chinese or Japanese characters behind them. People are standing on a sidewalk, beneath a tree, waiting for a bus. Four people are waiting with baggage on the side of the road. Four Asian people standing by the street curb.	A bird stands.	neutral
A bicyclist sits on a bike while leaning against a gray car and drinking something. A bicyclist in white and black tights is drinking in front of a mini van. A man sits on bicycle, leaning against a car, drinking a beverage. A cyclist who is resting and rehydrating himself.	Riders waiting.	entailment
Three construction workers are sitting around a fenced in area reading next to a sand castle. Three construction workers are sitting in deck chairs and reading magazines. Three yellow- vested workers are sitting down on folding chairs in a city. Construction workers taking a break and sitting near a sand castle.	Men sit on a bench.	neutral
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella. One man, in a blue jacket, is sitting in the rain under a green umbrella. A man is fishing on the dock despite the dreary weather. A man relaxes in a chair as he fishes on a rainy day.	A man trying to find shelter.	contradiction
A blond woman in white tennis clothes surveys the crowd at a tennis match. A blond tennis player shows off her new red and white tennis outfit. A woman wearing a white skirt is playing tennis. Blond tennis player pauses to view the crowd.	A blond girl walks.	neutral
Man in black shirt with black guitar sings into a microphone surrounded by musical equipment. A band performing with a closeup on the singer. Two members of a band are playing music. Rock band performing on a small stage.	Men playing instruments in a room.	entailment
A boy in a Renaissance Fair costume is standing by cars parked on grass. This is young man dressed in a yellow, black and red jacket A young boy with an interesting attire. Guy in elaborate costume.	A child jumping.	contradiction
A man, wearing a black shirt and striped tie, talking on the phone and reviewing paperwork. A man in glasses smiles as he answers the phone in the office. Crazy looking guy hard at work in his cube. An officer worker making a phone call.	A long-haired man sits.	contradiction
A man and little girl in a pink life vest and red flotation device swimming. A man assist a young girl in the pool on a float shaped like a crab. A man is swimming with a young girl in a red life saver A white man swimming with a little girl.	A child floating.	entailment
Cyclists, wearing a white uniform and orange uniform, race against each other down the road. A group of bicycle racers in close pursuit, peddling on a paved surface. Helmeted cyclists on racing bikes pedal furiously toward the finish line. A small group of bicyclists are racing.	Boys racing against each other.	entailment
Two girls are enjoying themselves on a spinning platform. Two girls are sitting together on a spinning platform. Smiling girls sitting on rounded platform Two girls happily playing in a park.	A girl laughing.	neutral
A man in a hoodie skateboards in front of a blue sky and building, shot from below. Man with jeans and a hooding doing skateboarding tricks. A skateboarder jumps midair near a building. A skateboarder making a jump.	A kid doing an ollie.	entailment
A woman with a pink umbrella and a shopping bag walks down a sidewalk. An Asian woman is walking and carrying a pink bag and pink umbrella. A woman in jeans walking with an umbrella. A woman holding an umbrella.	A woman standing.	entailment
A group of Asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table. Some Asian men are sitting while others are standing around. A group of men are sitting around a table. A group of Asian men are playing a game.	Men gathered.	entailment
A group of four young adults are wearing costumes in front of a store window displaying sale signs. Performers dressed as a princess, deer, table, and a hooded figure interact with each other. There are four people in costume, including a reindeer and a pink table. Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Lady doing yoga.	contradiction
A small girl is looking at a pink and black ball, in a parking lot. The little girl in the green dress is chasing after a pink ball. A small girl chases a pink ball over the gravel driveway. The little girl is chasing after her pink soccer ball.	A child playing on rocks.	entailment
A native American girl is making a blanket. A Latin American weaving fabric. A woman is working on a craft. A woman is sewing linens.	A woman bowling.	contradiction
Five people are wading and swimming at the edge of a river or lake. A group of kids are wading in a river near the riverbank. Five people enjoying time in nature. Five people in the water.	Teens watch.	contradiction
A young pitcher in a D-backs uniform pitches as the second base referee closely watches. The pitcher for the " O-Backs " is making a pitch while the infield umpire watches. Left handed kid throwing a pitch with an umpire staring on in the background. A boy is throwing a ball in a little league game	A baseball player throws a pitch.	entailment
A picture of a live duck on profile with head turned toward the camera in front of three younger children walking in the camera 's direction. A duck standing on a sidewalk with an Asian woman and her two sons walking towards it. A young Asian boy approaches a Mallard duck on the sidewalk. A duck stands on the sidewalk as people approach.	A bird stands on a rock.	contradiction
Three children wearing Santa Claus hats smile, arms raised, in front of a Christmas tree. Three Children holding their arms up while smiling with a Christmas Tree in the background. Three young children strike poses wearing Santa-hats in front of a Christmas tree. Children are very excited on a Christmas eve.	Children learning a dance.	neutral
An aerial view of several adolescents on a field with a track surrounding it. A group of players stand spread across an outdoor athletic field. A group of men are organizing an activity on a grassy field. People outside in a city field.	Group plays football.	neutral
A young man wearing a white shirt is on a stage with a drummer, and the boy is playing an electric guitar. A man plays guitar in front of a large sign, with another man playing drums behind him. Band playing at what seems to be a benefit concert. A band is performing at a benefit.	Two men playing an instrument.	entailment
A woman in a long black dress playing the violin with a black man in a striped shirt, while the other band member with guitar plays along. There are three people playing musical instrument and one other person looks like she is singing. A man and a woman are playing the violin while another man is playing an electric guitar. Two violinists in front of a microphone and a guitar player in the background.	Women standing in front of a counter.	contradiction
Two people sitting beside each other at a table with food on it smiling. A man and woman seated at a table together. A man and a woman eating dinner together. A man and woman wearing khaki smiling.	A couple sits.	entailment
A newborn is crying as healthcare workers check the baby 's reflexes. A newborn baby cries as it 's being attended to by hospital staff. A newborn baby is helped by doctors. A chubby newborn baby is crying.	Doctors stand.	entailment
A guitarist with a black shirt on stage playing guitar and singing A man playing a guitar on stage under red light. Guy getting really into his guitar solo. A man wearing shorts playing a guitar.	A musician singing and playing instrument.	entailment
Six elderly men wearing cowboy hats, one of which is holding a rein for a horse. Six people wearing cowboy hats with the foremost person wearing sunglasses. Men in western style shirts and cowboy hats sit with a horse nearby. A group of men wearing cowboy hats are sitting next to a horse.	A crowd waves.	contradiction
Man in dimly lit kitten cutting on the counter next to stove Man slices food next to a gas oven in a dimly lit kitchen. A man fixes food in his dark kitchen. A man is chopping beside a stove.	A man eating.	contradiction
Two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other. Two dogs, playing in a field, wrestling with each other Two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field. Two dogs wrestle in a field.	A dog walking.	contradiction
A black singer with short, spiked hair plays guitar and sings, while a bassist plays behind him. Two people are together and one of them is using a microphone. Two people singing and playing guitars. A black woman singing into a mic.	Two men playing instruments for money.	neutral
Two young men, dressed similar to characters from Skyrim, are fighting with fake weapons. Two young men face each other with medieval armor, weapons, and clothes. Two men dressed in medieval theater garb simulate a brawl. Two men in medieval garb are sword fighting.	A woman playing on a swing with two children in a park.	contradiction
A young boy wearing a tuxedo with purple accents is carrying a satin pillow with a purple ribbon tied around it. A ring bearer carrying a rung on a pillow at a wedding. The little ring bearer boy is wearing a lavender tie. A little boy in a suit holds the ring for a wedding.	Very young child standing.	entailment
Five men ride a boat on a very wide river, with the jungle as a background. There are five men in a small motor boat, behind them is a tropical jungle. Five men, variously dressed, travel in a motor boat. Five men are riding a motorized boat through a river.	A man shaves.	contradiction
Two men strike a serious pose while listening to some live music being performed behind them. Two men pose for a photo while listening to live music. Two men are sitting in a restaurant. A couple of patron at a jazz club.	Women posing for a picture.	contradiction
Two men are carrying little girls on their shoulders. Two men are each holding a child on their shoulders. Two men carrying their daughter on their shoulders. Two men with children on their shoulders.	Some hikers stand.	neutral
Four men are sitting near a tree talking while another stands looking at a body of water and another is rowing a boat. Several men are sitting by a river conversing with one another while a boat drifts by them. Five people sitting in front of a body of water with the sun behind them. Five men sitting with a body of water behind them.	A group sitting at a restaurant table.	contradiction
We are singing the popular song for you all. A band with two females playing instruments Two women giving a musical performance. Women in a rock band perform on stage.	Musician sings while playing a guitar.	entailment
A red dog, jumping in midair, on a grassy backyard, shot from behind. A large tan dog jumps in the air over the grass in a fenced yard. A brown dog jumping through the air in a grassy yard. A brown dog is jumping in the air.	A dog has a ball.	entailment
A group of five women and girls in bathing suits jumps into the water with their backs to the camera. Five girls in swimsuits, are seen from the back, jumping into the water. The five girls wearing swimsuits jump into the water. Girls in swimsuits jumping into water from behind	Men and a woman holding beverage.	contradiction
Two children, one male the other female in a room, the female is getting into a chair. A girl in a pink sweatshirt goes to sit at a table while a boy watches. Two young children are in a room dressed in blue pants. A girl in a pink shirt is climbing onto a wooden chair.	A boy crouches.	neutral
A man in a white apron and hat is selling meat on a busy street. A crowd is passing by a street vendor in a crowded city. Chefs standing on a busy street with their products. Two men selling food on a busy street.	A man with a white beard walks.	neutral
A young man watches, as three young women talk to another young man, in front of a shop. A group of Oriental young people are standing outside the doorway to a store. A group of Asian people are looking at art in a window. Five people are standing outside of a business.	A group gathers.	entailment
A woman in blue scrubs is kneeling in front of an upside down bicycle while a man in a white shirt looks on. A woman all in blue sits on one need with a man in a white t-shirt facing toward her. A bike mechanic explains the physics of a bike to a registered nurse. Two people working on a bicycle in a confined space.	A man examining a bicycle tire.	entailment
Five men standing on a stage with a reddish colored curtain as a backdrop. Five men stand in a line in front of a red curtain. Five men are standing in front of a red curtain. A group of men who look uncomfortable on stage.	Several men having lunch.	contradiction
A group of young Asian men leaning on a balcony, two in black shirts the rest in white. Seven men dressed in white and black look over the railing of a balcony. Asian males dressed in white and black are looking around. Seven students looking over a balcony.	Several men standing.	entailment
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area. A man is jumping over a barrel on a skateboard A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel. A man in black performs on a skateboard.	A man has a sad expression.	neutral
A group of police officers patrolling the streets with a building in the background A group of police officers outside a city building. A group of policeman in front of a glass building Policemen are gathered around a glass building.	A group is holding signs.	contradiction
A man sits in an outdoor cafe finishing a meal. A man in a red shirt is about to eat a taco. A man eating at an outdoor restaurant A man in a red shirt is eating.	A man smiling.	neutral
A room filled with people in a restaurant. A group of people eating at a restaurant. People sitting in a dining room. Many people eating at a banquet.	A toddler seated.	neutral
A middle-aged man 's shaving his beard in a room with white walls which does n't look like a bathroom. A man wearing a blue shirt holds his face steady with one hand while shaving with the other. A man in a blue shirt is shaving his face. A guy shaving off his facial hair.	A man using an electric razor.	entailment
Young Los Angeles Lakers fans stand on top of a car waving Lakers banners in the middle of a crowd of fans. Several young people are standing on the roof of a vehicle in a crowd of people. A Lakers fan fest with people holding yellow Lakers flags. People celebrating a Lakers win on a bright day.	A group cheering.	entailment
A brown dog jumps over the dead plants in a snowy field. A dog is jumping through the snow over some weeds. A brown dog leaps through the snow in a field. A dog running through the snow.	Someone runs.	contradiction
A surfer rides the crashing waves while another follows behind. Two surfers are riding waves in open water. Two surfers perform tricks in the waves. Two surfers on riding a small wave.	Guys doing their work.	contradiction
Two guys are in he air with neither foot touching the ground. Two men are kicking a yellow and black ball over a net. Two athletes are competing in a ball and net game. Two men are flailing around a soccer ball.	Man jumping.	neutral
Three people are sitting at a table; the man is leaning back, the middle woman is on her laptop, and the woman on the left is looking at the man. A woman with glasses is looking at a gray laptop with two other people at a table in a yellow room. Three people sit around a table with a laptop and food on it. A group of friends relaxing together.	Men working on a computer.	neutral
A man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt. An old man with a white beard is gesturing and speaking into a microphone. An old man with a beard is speaking into a microphone. A bearded man with gray hair speaks at a microphone.	An older man talking.	entailment
A boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up. A boy in a pool tilts his head back. Boy peeking up from blue water. A smiling boy floats in a pool.	A boy swimming.	entailment
Two men are toasting a cup of beer together, while another watches. Two men posing for a picture while getting ready to have a drink. Two men drinking beer with another in the background. Two men enjoying a beer in a restaurant.	A man knitting.	contradiction
Two women sit very close and pose for their picture to be taken. Two young women pose and smile in a darkly lit area. Two smiling women pose for a picture. Two girls smile for the camera.	Friends pose.	entailment
While playing soccer girl in red striped shirt runs into girl in white shirt. A small girl is blocking a much larger girl in a red and white uniform. Six people playing sports outside in the daytime. Six people and young girls soccer practice.	Children standing.	entailment
A group of musical performers are playing and a crowd of people is around them. Street musicians playing two guitars and drums, playing on a tiled floor. A group of people playing music on the street in front of a crowd. Street performs are playing their instruments outdoors.	Men play a game with a stick.	contradiction
A softball player dressed in a maroon and gold uniform, at home plate with a catcher and umpire, prepares to run after hitting the ball. A girl dressed in a red uniform is hitting a softball with a bat while a catcher and home plate umpire look on. A woman runs after making a hit in women 's softball, the catcher rises to her feet. Girl hits a ball and the catcher looks on.	A person runs.	entailment
A girl wearing a t-shirt is taking notes in a spiral notebook with a pink pen. Woman highlights work she has done on her notebook. A young woman in a green t-shirt is taking notes. A young woman is taking notes from a textbook.	Girl making gesture.	contradiction
An elderly man in a tan jacket is crossing a city street. Man in tan jacket walking in the street. An older man is walking down the street. A man walks in the street.	Men pour.	contradiction
A man is holding vases of moving lawn ornaments while wearing inflatable red, white, and blue baseball bats in front of him. A street vendor sells wind-toys (that you stick in the ground) and blow-up baseball bats made to resemble an American flag. A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats. A man in a green floppy hat is selling merchandise, including star-spangled inflatable baseball bats.	A man dropping.	contradiction
Two young fair girls are smiling and posing together while they ride in a boat wearing floatation vests. Two smiling little girls in a boat on a lake are hugging. Two little girls on a boat pose for a picture together. Two little girls are posing for a picture on a boat.	Kids hiking.	contradiction
A photo of the back of a crowd watching an event on a city street with some bicyclists standing and seated around. A man wearing a Brazilian flag and a blue hat stands in the street. A crowd of people looking at something going on in a large city. A man with a flag stands in front of a crowd.	A guy pointing.	neutral
There is a girl in a red jacket smiling with her hand on a red blow up and a crowd behind her. A child touching a red plastic object, with a crowd behind him. A child in red jumps on a red object while others laugh. A girl in a crowd laughs and climbs on something.	A child watching a boy drink.	contradiction
Two men wearing suits are chatting while one is holding a bottle of water. Two men dressed in business casual share a laugh. Two men in business attire make conversation. Two men in suits laugh together.	Men talking with each other.	entailment
A man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart. A father and son enjoying lunch after a morning of shopping. A man and his son carrying bags are enjoying a meal. A kid with black hair eating.	A man eating food outdoors.	entailment
A boy with a board strapped to his feet does a trick while holding onto some kind of rope. Waterskier holding line, mid-jump and almost turned upside down. This boy is doing a stunt with a tow rope and skateboard. Girl wearing swim gear is surfboarding	A wakeboarder leaping whilst holding onto a rope.	entailment
Two small girls talk to a man wearing sunglasses in a colorful van. Two girls are trying to sell some nuts to the driver. Man sitting in a van talks to two young girls. Two young girls talking to a man in a van.	A man carries two bags.	contradiction
A police officer is writing a ticket for a silver car that is pulled up halfway on the curb. A cop in a blue shirt pulling over a car in the city. A police officer writes a ticket for poor parking. An officer is standing by a car.	A driver talking.	entailment
A masked steel worker in orange works on a piece of metal, yellow sparks flying. A man in an orange jumpsuit is doing some construction work. A man in an orange suit is welding an iron pole. A man in orange cutting through metal.	A man having a snack.	contradiction
Man with tattoo wearing a red shirt is holding baby on his shoulder A man in a red shirt is holding a little boy in a blue shirt A Caucasian male and his son having bonding time. A man carrying a child on his shoulders.	A man smiles at the camera.	neutral
A little boy in a dark t-shirt and jeans is taking great enjoyment standing near an outdoor fountain. A small boy reaches up into a spray of water from a fountain, while a rainbow forms behind him. A small child standing under a spraying water fountain. A little boy looking at the shooting water fountain.	A few children dance.	contradiction
This is a large group of young people at a party. A group of young people dance at a club. A crowd is present at a bar. An event with young adults.	A bunch dancing.	entailment
A man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre. A man wearing a hat is walking and carrying a pole with a hook on the end in one hand and a large aluminum can in the other. A man in green carrying a pole with a hook walks down the street. A man is carrying a hook.	An elderly woman walking down a street.	contradiction
This is a scene in a subway station where two people are sitting on a bench waiting for the train. A man sits on a bench and patiently waits for his train at the subway station. A person sitting down on a benching waiting in the subway. A man is sitting on a bench at a subway station.	A man with brown hair sits.	neutral
An old man in white garb is sitting next to a stone wall and shaping a piece of metal with a hammer. An old man with a blue head piece on is hammering near a rock. An old man working with his hammer on a nice warm day. Man dressed in white making his own tools	An older man holds a hammer.	entailment
A white male is sitting in his white robe, in the tub while blowing bubbles. A man sitting in a bathtub while wearing a robe blowing bubbles. A man in a robe blows bubbles in a bathtub. Man blows bubbles in a bathtub.	Men and a woman swimming.	contradiction
Two young girls wearing denim dresses playing near an armchair. Two little girls are smiling in blue dresses. Two girls in jean dresses laugh and play. Two little girls in blue dresses laugh.	Children dance.	contradiction
A man in a gray T-shirt is zesting lemons into a turquoise-and-olive-green bowl. A man in a gray shirt with a beard prepares a recipe. A man staring into the camera as he cuts lemons. A man wearing a gray shirt grating lemon rinds.	Man making an announcement.	contradiction
The teenage boys in black shirts skateboarding in a skate park, surrounded by people. Two teen guys are doing skateboard tricks at a skate park. Two kids in jeans perform skateboard tricks. Two teenagers doing tricks on skateboards.	Men are in the air while skateboarding.	entailment
A woman wearing a purple shirt and white helmet is riding a brown horse. A woman in purple riding a brown horse, competitively. A woman with a purple shirt is riding a brown horse. A woman is riding a horse along a track.	A jockey riding an animal on a track.	entailment
In the autumn, two men run in opposite directions down a path that leads over a bridge and through the woods, while two others walking a dog are stopped on the bridge. A man is running on a bridge, while a dog is standing between two men on the bridge as well. Various people out and about in a public place on an autumn day. Man in all black outfit running across bridge.	A man sitting in a park.	neutral
Three men at a table while one looks on holding his martini. A group of men are sitting around having drinks. People drinking martinis at an outdoor event. A man in a bar having a Martini.	Children sit.	contradiction
A man and a lady, carrying a gray bag on her shoulder, are walking among a crowd at a gathering. Many people at an outdoor gathering with a guy and girl in the foreground. A man and woman are standing in a grassy area with other people. A man in black shorts walks with a girl at a festival.	A couple walking.	entailment
Office workers brainstorming on a project during the lunch hour. Four office workers are working on a project. Three men are discussing business plans. A man is stressed at a casual meeting.	A girl eats.	contradiction
Three boy scouts give presentations on a stage with two tents, a bench, and an American flag behind them. There are three boys on stage with podiums in front of them, they are preparing for a speech. Boy scouts wearing uniforms are on stage with tents and camping gear behind them. Three people standing on a stage.	A child has food.	contradiction
A man in a green shirt on a half pipe, doing a skateboard stunt. A skateboarder wearing a green shirt and jumping in the air A man does a jumping trick on a skateboard. A skateboard is sideways in the air.	Some men watch.	neutral
A crowd of young people lounge and amble over a large green field against a background of sky and trees. A view of large field ringed by trees, with a large group of people milling about on the field. A large crowd of people gathered in a field of grass lined with trees on a sunny day. The people are very crowded in the plaza.	A group sitting and knitting.	contradiction
A man plays a guitar while another man swings his head down while holding tight to a microphone. A standing man holds a microphone in front of a man holding a guitar. A member of a band is jamming out on stage while performing a song. The band is setting up for their performance.	A musician standing.	entailment
A man rides a skateboard up a sloped concrete surface and into the air. A skateboarder jumping on a wall with a mountain in the background A skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp. A guy getting some air on a skateboard	A skater flies.	entailment
A crowd of people appear to listen to a speaker while a man and a woman talk behind them. There is a teen boy and a younger boy with the same shirts on in a room full of people. A bunch of people at a campaign listening to a speaker. People are sitting in a room.	A group has gathered.	entailment
Four people laughing and sitting on a couch. A group of laughing people on a red couch. Four happy people sitting on a red couch People sitting on a couch laugh.	People laughing and playing a game.	entailment
A group of people wearing coats and sweaters are shopping at produce and deli stands; one stand has a purple sign that says " TRIPE ". People browsing at all the produce at a place of business. At a supermarket, people are buying their groceries. Several people are going to eat tripe.	A group enjoying their day.	neutral
An older woman and a young girl face each other over a kitchen counter. A grandmother prepares snacks for her granddaughter. A woman looking at a young blond girl with pigtails. A woman talks to a young girl over a counter.	A woman selling food at a market.	contradiction
A man with a guitar, he has a hat and is playing along a brick lined walkway, two children in strollers are looking on. Two children are amazed by the man who plays the guitar. A man sitting on a sidewalk playing a guitar. Man plays guitar for little baby.	A man having a drink.	contradiction
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water. A wet black dog with a red collar is in the river A dog runs through a creek next to large rocks. A black dog swimming in water near rocks.	A dog walking.	entailment
Group of men sitting around a table having a conversation. Several elderly men are grouped around a table. A group of men sits around a table. Seniors gathered around a table.	Man plays in pool.	contradiction
A man, mouth agape, and wearing a multicolored behind a podium with writing on the front of it with upside down buckets to his left and crates to his right. An African American man surrounded by empty overturned white buckets and dark colored crates expresses himself through a message handwritten on cardboard. A homeless man holding a sign surrounded by buckets and crates. A black man plays a makeshift drum set with a cardboard sign.	A man smiling.	neutral
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball. The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player. Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball. A group of soccer players are playing soccer.	A man playing an accordion on a sidewalk.	contradiction
Three men stand near a large wooden cross overlooking a desert mountain. Three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon. Three young males are standing in front of a cross. Three men look at a sign.	Man talking.	contradiction
A boy playing tee ball bout to hit the ball. A young boy is hitting a ball off of a tee. A young boy is playing tee-ball Young boy playing tee ball.	A father watching.	contradiction
A boy jumps a skateboard while a man in a suit looks on. A skateboarder jumps over a set of stairs. Person on a skateboard in the air A skateboarder performs a trick.	A man walks.	contradiction
A white male with a shaved head and goatee wearing a black t-shirt and blue jeans is playing a guitar with red symbols painted on it in some structure with columns and a wooden roof. A male figure wearing a black shirt and jeans is strumming a guitar while holding the pick with his mouth. A bald Caucasian man in blue jeans and black print t-shirt playing a guitar. Guy playing an acoustic guitar at a concert	Two guys playing soccer.	contradiction
A little boy is playing a miniature guitar and making a face. A toddler plays the guitar and pretends to be a rock star. A little boy rocks out with his small guitar. A young boy is playing a red guitar.	Children point.	contradiction
A lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp. The bicyclist has both wheels off the ground. A trials biker doing a trick in the air. A bicyclist doing a jump.	A man performs a trick.	neutral
Holding the microphone with both hands, a man seems to be singing as a guitarist behind him plays a red guitar. A man singing into a microphone as a part of his band. A band is performing on stage at a place of business. A man in a black t-shirt and blue jeans performs.	A middle-aged white man singing.	neutral
A man in a hat and shorts is raising an axe above his head and standing near a wooden structure. A man in a hat wields an axe with the sun in the distance. A man in a brown hat is swinging an axe. Man using ax to take down a structure.	A man does yard work.	entailment
A black dog is running through the shallow edge of a large body of water. A black and tan Doberman running through the ocean. A black dog is running through the water. The dog runs through the water.	A dog jumps.	contradiction
A group of children pose for a picture taken at the dining room table as they sit down for supper. A group of six children varying in age from 7 to 14 are sitting around a dinner table ready to eat. Six children sitting around a rectangular dining table with a green tablecloth and food on it. A family photo of children eating a meal.	Children looking at the camera.	entailment
A bunch of boys standing in front of the ocean and a big gorilla that is directly in front of the ocean. Many people standing in front of a statue of Godzilla with the ocean in the background. A group of children sitting on a ledge eating in front of a huge gorilla at the ocean. Kids sit near a gorilla statue.	A group takes a break.	entailment
A young girl with red hair and glasses balances on one foot while another girl in a greed hoodie watches. Two girls wearing sweatshirts and jeans trying to put up a tent A girl is standing on one foot with one hand in the air. Young Christians having fun in the woods.	Children building something.	entailment
Young man with a black shirt on, riding a blue bike with a baby sitting in front of him. A young man tries to balance a toddler on the front of his purple bike. A man rides a purple bike with a small child. A man biking with a baby.	A child stands in the background.	contradiction
Five Women, wearing beautiful, colorful saris, in a circle, dancing with their hands raised and touching. Five young Indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle Middle eastern women wearing colorful dresses doing some type of dance. Indian women joining hands in a traditional dance.	Ladies having fun.	entailment
A man tends a grill full of cooking chicken parts as another man in a white apron looks on. One cook watching another cook grill chicken. A man is watching another man as he cooks. Cooks in the kitchen preparing food.	Chefs talk.	neutral
A person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town. A person walking down a snowy and well lit street close to a house with Christmas lights. Person dressed in black walks down a snowy sidewalk during the early evening. A small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.	Someone walking.	entailment
A woman and child fly soar through the air, seated on an amusement park ride. A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park. There is a little girl riding a carnival ride. Smiling little girl on a carnival ride.	A child fishing by himself.	contradiction
A group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandannas stand in a group. The men in the straw hats are standing near the pile of straw on the pavement. Two men in straw hats stand by a pile of hay on a busy street. People stand on the street next to a pile of hay.	A man holding a pitchfork.	neutral
Hiker is jumping up high in a beautiful remote place depicting an area that looks like the great canyons with snow covered mountains in the distance. A man or woman jumping for joy after accomplishing their hike to the top of the canyon. A man in red, jumping in the air with a desert and mountains in the background. A cyclist jumps in the air near the Grand Canyon.	A man flies.	contradiction
Four men are playing dominoes and two of the men are wearing baseball caps. Four guys playing dominoes at a table in the backyard. Four older men are playing poker on a patio. Four men are playing dominoes together.	A man leaning over to watch.	neutral
A chef is giving a sample of food to a customer. A food worker giving a customer a spoon. Man offers a food sample to passerby. A man is offering samples of food.	Two cooks standing.	contradiction
Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting Several tall women jumping into the air while wearing traditional matched outfits and sandals with three aloft hot air balloons in the background. A group of people, most of whom are in colorful costumes, jump in the air below four hot air balloons. People celebrating an event with hot air balloons in background.	A group seen from above.	neutral
A young boy is looking into a silver cellphone while resting his light brown-haired head on top of a resting blond dog 's head. A young boy playing next to a sleeping dog on the floor. Child laying next to a dog while looking at a phone. A young boy and his dog lay together on the floor.	A boy dancing.	contradiction
Two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation. Two women behind a net check their cellphones, while two men sitting on a curb chat to each other. Two women are on their phones behind a fence while two men sit in front of the fence. Two men are sitting down while two women are using their cellphones.	Men seated.	entailment
A woman in a light purple shirt is walking next to a maroon van with a motor home behind it at a campground. A woman in a purple shirt and light green pants outside a camper in a forested area A woman walking by a minivan and camper in the woods. Older woman exits popup trailer hooked to red van.	A woman stands.	contradiction
A man is helping a girl step down from a colorful truck whilst a woman and three children watch. A very colorful bus is pulled off to the side of the road as its passengers load. Two women and four children standing next to a brightly painted truck. A family gathered at a painted van	A woman climbing.	contradiction
Two young boys in a play area at a store, jumping in a bright blue air filled bouncy while their moms look on. Amused parents look on as two children enjoy themselves in a colorful indoor playground. There are two kids, with their mothers, playing in a padded, blue structure. A young boy, dressed in black, jumps in a blue padded playroom.	Two woman walking on a street.	contradiction
A small girl in a jean skirt and green shirt plays outside in the grass with an orange and white soccer ball. A young girl in a green shirt holding a soccer ball while standing in green grass. A girl in street clothes playing soccer in a grassy field. A little girl playing soccer.	A child runs in a field.	entailment
An African American police officer and woman stand at the front of a bus. Police officer watching woman exit from bus. Police officer whistles while he works A police officer standing on a train.	A policeman leaning over.	neutral
People completing a ballot while children are sitting behind them on the floor watching. Adults are voting while children wait behind them. The people standing up along the wall are voting. Six people casting their ballot in an election.	A child held by a woman.	contradiction
Large seated group of people with a sign in the photo that says " Gladstone School " Community gathers outdoors together and wear bunny ears. A group of people gathered at a school. A group of people having a good time.	Participants sit.	entailment
A boy and three girls in blue school uniforms walk down a dirt-covered road. Four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees. A group of children in blue uniforms walk to class. Group of school children in blue school uniforms.	A black woman walking down a street.	contradiction
In front of a laundromat and The Gulch of San Francisco, there is a man down on the ground, a man on a cellphone, and a couple of women walking by. The man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack. A man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street. Person in blue laying in the middle of a street.	A woman in the background watches.	neutral
A boy with a cap carrying a skateboard is walking along the lip of a feature at a skate park. Three boys skate on their skateboards in an empty pool. Two men holding skateboards and one man skateboarding. Three men at a skate park skateboarding.	A man rides his board.	entailment
A girl with a striped shirt with bread in hands in front of mouth. This girl is eating a piece of bread in her striped shirt. A girl in a striped shirt holds a bun to her mouth. A little girl is eating a piece of bread.	A child eating some food.	entailment
A cowboy is desperately grasping too the reigns off a horse that is trying to buck him off at a rodeo. Rodeo rider in cowboy clothing being bucked while riding a horse. A cowboy rides a Bronco during a rodeo competition. A young competitor is bronc riding at a rodeo.	Men drinking.	contradiction
Children are playing with leaves in the autumn. Children in coats playing in fall leaves. Children tossing dead leaves on lawn. A child walks outside as leaves fall.	Boy throwing ball.	contradiction
A woman in a red dress is singing on a stage as a man in a suit plays a saxophone. A woman in a red dress is signing while a man in a suit is playing the saxophone. Asian singer performs live jazz music in a nightclub. A quartet is performing inside.	Musicians playing music.	entailment
A dance performance is going on in front of an audience. A male and female dancer performing in front of a crowd. A crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage. Onlookers looking upon a play being performed.	A woman dances with a man.	entailment
Two young children (one boy and one girl) are playing in the watter by a brick wall. Two children are standing in a small fountain pool. A small boy and girl wade in a water fountain Two toddlers are playing in a fountain.	A little girl playing in a fountain.	entailment
The feet of a skier with one boot coming out of the ski and casting a shadow. Two boots are on two skis moving very fast. Two feet wearing yellow ski boots on ski Ski boot gets pulled out of the ski.	A skier is airborne.	neutral
Two adults and a little boy sit on a homey exterior porch in front of an exotic flora and fauna nature scene. A middle-aged man talking to his daughter and playing with his grandchild. A female looks on as a man restrains a young boy. A family sitting out on their deck.	A baby sitting.	contradiction
A young man jumping his skateboard in a skate park with the ocean and a beach in the background. A man in a green sheet is in midair on a green-wheeled skateboard at a skateboard park. A man wearing a yellow shirt and a fedora skateboarding in a concrete skate park. A young man on a beach is performing skateboard stunts.	A man doing an ollie.	entailment
A man and woman are dancing in a nightclub and smiling. A man and a woman are dancing with their hair up. Men and women are dancing at a nightclub. A man and woman are dancing at a club.	A man talking.	contradiction
Two elderly women with gray hair engaging in conversation. The two old grandmother is talking each other. Two elderly women are talking at a gathering. Two old women enjoying at a gathering.	Women smiling.	entailment
A group of men stand outside a glass and steel building. Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure. Three people in a glass structure. Three men stand in a glass area.	A man sitting.	contradiction
Two children holding hands going down a large inflatable slide. Two kids slide down a giant inflatable slide. Two children are on a giant inflatable slide. Two girls slide down the air-filled slide.	Rollerblader slides on the rink.	contradiction
Young people standing together while dining beer and smoking cigarettes. The group of young adults are hanging out together smoking and drinking. Several teens are smoking and drinking at night. A group of friends drinking and smoking.	A band drinking.	entailment
A man and woman are sitting at a table in front of a sign that reads IL PORTO and two wine bottles and two wineglasses are on the table. Two people sit at a table with wine in front of them, and a sign with a fish reading: " IL PORTO " behind them. A couple is sitting at a restaurant in front of a big fish sign. Couple sitting on patio outside restaurant having some wine.	A couple enjoying beverages.	entailment
A man wearing a gray swimsuit stands in the water amidst white waves. A young man in a swimsuit with water crashing behind him. Young man with black shorts jumping in the ocean waves. A surfer stands in a crashing wave.	A surfer surfs.	contradiction
A girl basketball player in a white jersey is in the process of making a move with the ball around an opposing player in a blue jersey. A girls basketball game with the girl on the white time dribbling the ball with the girls in the black on defense. A girl running with a basketball, while another tries to steal the ball from her. A girl has the ball in a game of basketball	Team wearing uniforms.	entailment
A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti. A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti. A BMX rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall. A biker pops a wheelie alongside the colorful wall.	A cyclist doing a stunt.	entailment
A man is holding an umbrella for his girlfriend while observing a street sign. Two people look at a sign while standing under a red umbrella. Two people under an umbrella are looking at a lighted sign. Man and women standing under a red umbrella.	A couple laughing.	neutral
Little girl with black hair, peach shirt with a tree and cat on it, white skirt with black polka dots posing in front of a downtown skyline. A young girl with black hair smiles and dances on a boardwalk next to a large waterway. A little girl shows her enthusiasm for the day by dancing by the water. A little girl poses for the camera in front of a city walk near water.	Little children standing.	entailment
A young man in yellow pants is engaging in physical activity with a large audience watching. One young man in yellow pants is dancing while a crowd of people watch him. A young man, in yellow pants, is performing in front of a crowd. A shirtless man is dancing for crowd on concrete floors.	A man sits while another man stands.	contradiction
A woman speaks on her cellphone with her purse and a yellow bag on the ledge next to her. A woman in a black shirt is sitting next to a florescent green bag. A woman with a backpack sitting outside a building with others. A woman sits on a stone wall and talks on her phone.	A woman is smiling.	neutral
A woman holding a baby and a woman with a towel on her head are sitting on the floor in a house. Women are sitting around a room having a lively conversation. A group of women hang out in a room with a baby. Several ladies with a baby in a bedroom.	A woman holds a small flag.	neutral
A woman with a bottle of champagne and a man with wild hair standing in front of a crowd of people in the street. A young couple are outside among many other people and the young lady is holding a champagne or wine bottle. Woman in crowd drinks from a bottle of champagne. People partying outside of a concert.	A woman cooks.	contradiction
Two young girls wearing denim dresses playing near an armchair. Two girls in jean dresses laugh and play. Two little girls in blue dresses laugh. Two girls in blue dresses dance.	Children smiling.	entailment
A man with a black shirt and microphone performs a demonstration at an event. A man in a black shirt giving a puppet show with a creepy clown. A man is using the stick thing to control the clown puppet. A man with a colorful tie is exhibiting a puppet display.	Man barbecuing.	contradiction
The daughter admits that her mom is cool in her aviator sunglasses. A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt. Two YMCA volunteers having a good time. Two girls wearing the same shirt.	Friends pose for a picture.	neutral
A street performer tries to escape from being tied up while group of onlookers surround him. An escape artist wearing Converse high tops struggles on one foot as a crowd looks on. A street performer attempts to escape a straitjacket while a crowd of people watch. A street performer in the middle of a crowd	A man breaks something.	contradiction
A person being interviewed for a presentation in front of an audience, with slides in the background. Two men in front of a project screen, talking to a group of people. Peoples talking with a big television Two people giving a presentation.	A man sitting on a bed.	contradiction
Chinese-American dressed children dressed in red uniforms are doing a cultural performance in a parade. Several young children, who are wearing bright orange outfits, are participating in a parade march. Several young people dressed in orange outfits at a Lion Dance Festival. A group of children, dressed in orange outfits, are dancing with fans.	Children perform a routine.	entailment
A red building with people sitting outside on the lawn in front. It looks like a school with children sitting outside of it. Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass. People sitting in a circle outside a large building.	A swimmer sitting.	contradiction
Two little girls, one in a purple dress and one in a red, polka-dotted dress, are running around an area covered in paving stones. A girl wearing a purple dress and a girl wearing a red dress run around outside smiling. A girl in a pink polka-dot dress runs with a little girl in a purple dress. Two girls in dresses run on a brick-paved street.	Two children doing cartwheels.	contradiction
A group of people gathered at a posh bar. People sitting around a bar conversing. People sit around a circular bar. People sitting at a bar.	A group seen from above.	neutral
A middle-aged man strides in front of an older man in a race while spectators look on. Two power walkers walking beside one another in a race. A group of runners is trying to complete a race. Two men competing in a race.	A man pedalling.	contradiction
A woman wearing a white lab coat is holding her jar up with a white glove. A young female technician in a white coat works in a modern laboratory. A gloved woman looks at bottled materials in a laboratory. Woman in lab coat working.	Women paying.	contradiction
Five ballet dancers caught mid jump in a dancing studio with sunlight coming through a window. Ballet dancers in a studio practice jumping with wonderful form. Five girls are leaping simultaneously in a dance practice room. Five girls dancing and bending feet in ballet class.	Some girls jumping.	entailment
Two people walk down a brick sidewalk by a yellow and white building. Two young people are walking outside past a two-toned wall. Two people wearing backpacks walking alongside a building. Two people walking together beside a yellow building.	Two children walking down a street.	entailment
A guy wearing a black hoodie and sunglasses is speaking into a microphone, while a guy in a ski mask plays a guitar in the background. A guy in a black hoodie standing in front of a Factory sign talks into a microphone. A band dressed in black performs. A band is performing on stage.	Guy doing moves.	neutral
A blond woman in a short denim skirt, black top and beige jacket, is reaching towards part of a painting that is propped up on a windowsill. A woman is holding a drink in one hand and pointing at a painting with the other. Woman with a jean skirt holding a drink points to an object in a painting. A girl holding an empty plastic cup is pointing to a painting.	A woman holds her instrument and bow.	contradiction
A crowd is assembled and cheering for an on stage performance. A group of people are watching a concert outside. A crowd of young people clap at a concert. A rally in a different country.	A group skateboarding.	contradiction
Woman in a white shirt and black and white skirt sitting on a white bench. A red-haired woman sits on a bench in a striped skirt and brown shoes. An Asian girl sitting on a bench outside. A woman is sitting on a white bench.	Mother posing for a picture.	neutral
Three guys standing together with roll around luggage on a brick road in front of very old church type brick building with wood door. Three men that include at least one street performer gather on a brick sidewalk. The scene appears to be of men in costumes for a performance. Three people standing in a tourist destination.	A group of men in strange clothing.	entailment
A man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown. A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice. An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant. An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.	A parent smiling.	contradiction
The girl has a white shirt and a purple item in her hand. Two women stand together and one holds a purple cloth. The lady is holding a purple ribbon. Three Asian women wearing white.	Three girls posing.	neutral
A multicultural group of friends sitting down in an outdoor floor and hanging out to together during a cold busy night. Young adults posing for a photo at night, somewhat chilly outside. A group of friends seated on concrete waiting for something. Four people are sitting down on a sidewalk.	Two men sitting and talking.	neutral
A man rides a bicycle on a rocky path beside a lake in the mountains. A man rides a bicycle on a rocky trail along a large river. The man on the bike is sitting on a gravel hill. A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man stands in front of a bus.	contradiction
Two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall. Two men are lifting a sheet of glass that has a blue piece of equipment attached to it. Two men smile as they open a garage type door. Two men working with machinery.	A man carrying a sign.	contradiction
A guy on a bike jumps high into the air while another person takes his picture Shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films. A man on a BMX bike catches massive air while someone is taking a picture A bike rider jumps through the air while being filmed.	Man kicking another man.	contradiction
The brown dog is on a leash and appears to be playing with the white and brown colored dog. The two dogs are standing with their heads entwined around each other. Two dogs on leashes get close together. Two dogs groom each other.	A dog stirs.	neutral
A crowd in which two men are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outside of a Bank of America and a Christmas tree. People gather around a Christmas tree, including some wearing Santa hats, during a Christmas celebration outdoors. A crowd of people gathered on a sidewalk near a large Christmas tree and speakers. A group of people have a Christmas party on 18th street in an unknown city.	A group has a meal.	neutral
The blond boy wearing a striped shirt is walking through the grass. A little boy in a striped shirt has his hands on his head. A child with his hands on his head. A boy holds his hands on his head.	A child standing in a crowd.	contradiction
Three men in black and yellow competitive sports clothing, carrying short field hockey sticks, with a man dressed in bulky goalie gear over his shins and hands. A team in orange uniforms are near a goal and a goalkeeper in green. The three field hockey players dressed in orange make for the ball. A large goalie towers over his opposing teammates.	The goalie standing.	entailment
A woman in an orange top and black sweatpants jumps up with her arms out in front of the ocean on the beach. A woman dancing on the beach, with the ocean in the background. A female works out near the ocean side. A pretty girl dancing on a beach.	A woman blowing bubbles.	contradiction
A woman with a walkie talkie and a bicycle helmet and bicycle standing near another woman in a black jacket. A female biker dressed in red uses a communication device while another walks by. A woman appears to be taking a break from riding her bike. A security officer uses her radio.	Cyclists cycling.	contradiction
A sophisticated woman takes photos in the wild while wearing a red blouse and matching scarf. A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush. A woman in red wearing a blue hat is taking a picture outside. Photographer working in the wild	A woman standing underneath a sign.	neutral
There is a bike race in London during 2012, there is a purple banner saying such, the bikers are on the left of the picture and the crowd watching and photographing the bikers is on the right-hand side. Bicyclists are in the street as a crowd watches them ride by a banner that say " London 2012 ". A group of bikers biking along a street in the London 2012 games. A group of bikers head out the gates in a London 2012 bike race.	Cyclists watch.	contradiction
A woman in a headscarf and a boy wearing blue look to the right while sitting against a wall. A middle eastern woman wearing a blue headscarf sits next to a boy in blue clothes. A woman wearing a scarf on her head sits next to a young boy wearing blue. A woman and a boy are both wearing blue traditional Arab clothes	Woman selling trinkets.	neutral
A skateboarding soaring through the air in front of a blue building. A skateboarder is airborne in front of some low brick buildings. A skateboarder is flying through the air on a red skateboard. A person on a skateboard during a high jump.	A man performs a skateboard trick.	entailment
Three men are pictured, two standing and one sitting in front of silver container. Three men are standing next to each other wearing different colored shirts. Three men stand in front of some sort of machinery and look bored. Three men standing next to a truck.	A model standing.	contradiction
Four women and a bride stand on a street while one of them points at something in the distance. A woman in a white gown stands with other girls dressed up, one points across the street. Old lady with black dress and hat points out something to bride. Five women in dresses, one holding a child, stand outside.	A woman hula-hoops.	contradiction
A man rides a skateboard up a sloped concrete surface and into the air. A skateboarder flies through the air by the side of the road. A skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp. A guy getting some air on a skateboard	A skater jumps into the air.	entailment
A man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him. Man in his seventies wearing a colorful outfit on the side of the street with his bulldog. A guy sitting in a chair on the street next to his dog. Old man and tired dog sit outside cafe.	Dogs playing with a stick.	contradiction
A man in white wearing a Yarmulke is in front of a microphone with several other men in the background. A man talks into a microphone in front of a gathering while being cheered and applauded upon. A man wearing a white shirt is standing outside and speaking into a microphone. A Jewish man is speaking into a microphone among other Jewish men.	Men do gymnastics.	contradiction
Small boy with a yellow balloon walks in a fair park. A child with a yellow balloon walks through a fair. A little boy with a yellow balloon at a fair. Male child holding a yellow balloon.	A child watches.	neutral
Man in brown shirt and beard is being watched by a group of people on the street. A man is posing for the camera in front of a group of people. Man in brown shirt on sunny street, a crowd in background A crowd gathers behind an older man.	An old man stands.	entailment
A man is wearing a black knit " Paris " hat and a navy blue shirt on the side of the street. A young man wearing a knit cap with the word PARIS on it and a blue jacket on the street. A man wearing black jacket poses with a smile. A man in a winter hat is smiling.	A man standing in front of a store.	neutral
Outdoor street view with an elementary school-age boy in khaki pants and black t-shirt standing on sidewalk next to a wall mural while an adult stoops over an individual sitting on the curb. A young boy in a black tee-shirt stands on the corner as two men parallel to him are engaged in some activity. A young boy standing on the sidewalk while a man lifts up a bag in the background. A boy standing next to a wall, while two men are bent over next to the street.	A little boy eating.	contradiction
The umpire and others look on, as one baseball player slides into base and the other leaps high in the air. One baseball player is on the ground with his mouth open while another jumps above him. A baseball player is sliding into second base while the opposing infielder jumps. A baseball player slides to base while an opposing player jumps over him.	Man jumping over another man.	entailment
Two female beach volleyball players face off at the net with the Beijing Olympics logo visible in the background. Two women in skimpy outfits play sand volleyball. Two women play volleyball on the sand. Two women playing beach volleyball.	Two volleyball players try to hit the ball.	entailment
An Asian man in spectacles and a t-shirt preparing some food. A man working diligently while sitting at a table. Indian man whittles in his own home. A man is sharpening a knife.	A man using a tool.	entailment
A person is performing a trick in the air with a dirt bike. A motocross lets go of his bike in midair. A man performing a stunt on a dirt bike. Biker loses control of bike in midair.	Other men stand.	neutral
There are four girls three in a dress and on in jeans and a shirt. Girls, who are all dressed in dresses, dance in a dark room. Three women dancing at a crowded nightclub. Young women at a dance club.	A woman asking.	contradiction
A family is standing on concrete with the middle girl holding a brochure in her hand. A girl in a multicolored striped outfit is standing with her family. Children woman and man in a park looking around a park A woman and two children sightseeing.	A dog standing.	contradiction
A young child with a toddler are standing in a field of grass with a yellow tape behind them. Two young children stand in a field and interact with each other. Two little boys standing on a field of grass together. Two little boys are on the grass.	Two uniformed men talk.	contradiction
A dog with a red harness tracks a scent in a field. A dog stands in a large, grassy field. A dog walks alone in a field. A dog is digging a field.	A brown dog sniffing.	entailment
Backside view of a South America street vendor tending to her upright oven with a second woman looking away. Two women are outside and one woman is wearing an apron looking into a black machine. Two women in front of a white building, one putting something in an oven. A woman working with a machine and another woman looking to her left.	A woman checks something.	contradiction
Four men are standing behind a counter that has a cash register and tips jar on it. Three men in t-shirts advertising hotdogs stand at a store counter. Four men standing behind cash register and tip jar. Four men are posing behind a cash register.	Group doing a dance.	contradiction
A young girl in a pink shirt gets ready to swing bat at a tee ball game A little girl about to hit a baseball off a tee A little girl is swinging at a baseball. A girl plays T-ball.	A child takes a swing.	entailment
Seven children sitting near a person with a black flowered outfit. A gathering of young African males under a thatched roof. A group of children sitting together on a bench. A group of people sit shaded from the hot sun.	A person holding a baby.	contradiction
Five workers sitting on the side of a road eating lunch. Five workmen sit to have lunch beside a parking lot. Five workers sitting in front of trucks eating lunch A group of workers are waiting to be picked up.	A man chases.	contradiction
A man in a green shirt is working under a blue vehicle. A man wearing a green t-shirt is working on a blue car. A man is working underneath a blue older model car. Someone working under a blue vehicle.	A man fixes a truck.	contradiction
Two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos. There is a cowboy in a rodeo trying to lasso a calf. Men on horses in the rodeo try to rope in a bull. Two men on horses are trying to lasso a bull.	Cowboys riding animals.	entailment
A young blond woman in a polka-dot outfit and black glasses sitting in a restaurant. A girl wearing glasses and a polka dot shirt is smiling. A woman with glasses sitting in a restaurant. A woman in a black and white shirt smiles.	A child sitting.	contradiction
A woman is riding a moped on a street with many other people riding mopeds behind her, while streamers and banners hang in the trees overhead. A woman riding a scooter is in front of many other people riding scooters down the street. There are many people wearing helmets riding on bikes. Some people riding scooters in the street.	A group riding a boat.	contradiction
Two dogs sit in the shade and lick each other 's face. Two dogs play on the dry ground. Two dogs playing next to rocks. Two dogs fight next to rocks	A dog rests.	contradiction
A little girl wearing a black tankini is jumping in the air with water in the background. The girl in the bathing suit is poised in midair next to the blue water. A little girl in a bathing suit leaps up in the water. A young girl jumping out of the water	A child jumps into a body of water.	entailment
A little boy lies down on a picnic table bench. A child is on a bench with arms stretched out. A child is lying down on a wooden bench. A boy lays on a picnic table bench.	A child sitting.	contradiction
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach. Two black dogs play in the waves at the beach. Two dog are playing the waves at a beach. Two dogs are running around in the water.	Dogs jumping.	entailment
An Asian man walks down a gray-tiled walkway with his two daughters by a man sitting with his bike. A family is walking through a building and a man sits on a ledge inside the building. A man sitting on a bench with a family off in the distance. The man and his two kids are about to walk past a person.	A man holding a girl's hand.	neutral
Four people sitting on a couch, in the center is a young woman in a black dress smiling at the camera. A couple and two other women are sitting on a couch during a nighttime social event. The women in the black dress is smiling while holding something on her hand A woman holding a stuffed gorilla is smiling at the camera.	One person holding an animal.	entailment
A person is jumping on a snowboard on a snowy hill with several trees in the background A snowboarder seemingly suspended in midair. A person is snowboarding on a bright day. A snowboarder doing a jump off a hill.	A snowboarder doing a trick.	entailment
A person wearing a big hat and yellow boots is sweeping the road after the rains. A worker, wearing rain gear, sweeps debris out of the street. A worker is cleaning the streets after a heavy rain. Worker in a hat is sweeping leaves down a street.	A man texts.	contradiction
People on a Beach, cleaning up what Mother Nature brought in, from the Ocean. Group of people are wearing white T-Shirt are doing a collective work Workers work to clean up debris on the beach. A group of people cleaning a beach.	A man smiling.	contradiction
A person scaling a rocky ledge, with a rope supporting. A person is climbing up a rock with a pink rope. A man using a pink rope to climb down a cliff. A man is climbing a rope up a cliff.	A climber scales a cliff face.	entailment
Three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background. The manual is green and blue look for the with stripe. Four children are playing at a swing set. Three children playing on a swing set.	A child kneels.	contradiction
The girl in a purple sweater performs on her guitar and passersby stop to listen. A woman wearing a purple shirt plays a guitar on a crowded sidewalk. Poor student folk artists panhandle for bus money. Musician in the middle of a large crowd.	Girl playing an instrument.	entailment
A group of women in sports uniforms are playing frisbee in a field while others spectate. Many people are playing Frisbee in a grassy field. Women playing ultimate Frisbee. Women playing ultimate frisbee.	A blond woman playing tennis.	contradiction
A man is painting a portrait of an outside scene that includes a street sign with a bicycle chained to it. An artist painting standing in the street painting his scenery of a red and white building. A man in a cap and scarf is outside painting a scene with a green fence in it. A male painting a scene in front of him.	An older man sitting down.	contradiction
Two men, wearing blue shirts, shake hands outside the office Two men wearing blue shirts and dark pants are shaking hands. On a bright sunny day, two men seem to come to an agreement. Two men wearing blue shirts shaking hands.	Man shaving another man's head.	contradiction
A street performer is playing violin for tips on an uncrowded street. A woman wearing black and red is playing a violin in the street. A young female street performer is playing the violin. A young lady plays a violin solo in an urban area.	A woman poses.	neutral
A large skinny dog is trying to catch a faded green tennis ball. Brown dog catches a ball in a sunny yard A brown dog reaches for a tennis ball. A brown dog playing with a tennis ball	A dog looking at a ball in the air.	entailment
Several children are in a tree, laughing and with their hands on their chins. A bunch of kids are climbing on a tree and hamming it up. Children posing in a tree Children climb a tree.	Children making faces.	neutral
Two Rottweiler dogs indoors, the smaller one barking at the larger. A small black and brown dog growls at a larger black and brown dog. A large dog stands over a smaller dog who has its mouth open. Two black dogs play on carpet.	Dogs looking at each other.	entailment
A man wearing a yellow jacket throws a yellow Frisbee. A man in a yellow jacket throwing a yellow Frisbee. A man in a yellow sweater catching a Frisbee. A man throwing a Frisbee.	A man standing next to a mannequin.	contradiction
A man, holding a pool stick, playing pool in a dimly lit room. A guy is about ready to take a shot while playing pool. A guy very concentrated during a pool game session. One boy playing a snooker indoor	Men fishing.	contradiction
A yellow car is driving through the street with three pedestrians on a sidewalk. People standing on a sidewalk and cars going down the road. Three people stand on the corner of a busy intersection. People on a street corner by a bright yellow car.	A snowboarder standing.	contradiction
A brunette male toddler is sitting in a sink and holding a toothbrush. A baby holds a toothbrush in one hand while sitting in the sink. A baby holds a toothbrush while sitting in a sink. An infant with a toothbrush in a sink.	Children sitting in a playpen.	contradiction
A man does acrobatics outside of a middle eastern style building. A man is upside down on an outside gymnastics bar. A man is upside down on a pole. A man doing gymnastic stunts	Men having a beverage.	contradiction
Two males on a cherry picker type of elevator, one wearing a khaki colored shirt and the other a yellow one, working on a cracked side of a building, with red flowers in the window next to them. Two men work on repairing a hole in a building, while suspended from a lift. Two men on scaffolding fix a blemish in a building. People fixing the side of a building.	A man skies.	contradiction
A young girl is playing on the shore of a beach, she is running away from a wave. A little girl with blond hair plays in the water at the edge of a rocky beach. Little girl wearing purple top and blue jeans playing on a rocky beach. A little girl is running through the incoming surf on a beach.	A child plays in the ocean.	entailment
New York City is a highly crowded place, where people do various activities from walking to sitting on stairs using a laptop to just watching the city crowd. Several people sit on the steps near a busy intersection. People sitting down in a busy metropolis. Peoples at the ground using laptop	An Asian man sitting on a bench.	neutral
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow. The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow. Dogs running through snow. The dogs play in the snow.	Dogs wait.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt and tie sings into a microphone while a woman wearing a white shirt and tie plays the guitar at a concert. A singer in a white button-down shirt is performing while a girl plays the guitar in the back. The man with short hair has a microphone in his hand and the other man is playing guitar. A singer and guitarist performing.	A child sings.	contradiction
A man in a yellow construction hat with a tool bag on his back, is drilling a wall labeled superior walls. A construction worker drilling a whole in the top of a concrete wall. A construction worker building walls with a drill. A male is building a wall.	A man working on a site.	entailment
A man without a shirt is standing next to a motorcycle, on a coast shore. A motorcycle is parked next to the road with four people surrounding it. People looking at the beach and a woman in a wine top taking a picture. People looking at the ocean.	A man is shirtless.	entailment
A soldier in a tan uniform is sitting outside of a building, keeping watch. A guard sits in a lawn chair while his gun leans at his side. A man in a uniform sits on a chair with a rifle at his side. A man is posing while sitting with his weapon beside him.	Woman sitting down.	contradiction
An abundance of food is neatly laid out in front of a gentleman with only lanterns for light. A man selling food on the streets during late night with three lamps. A young man shows off his food wares at a local market. A black man purchasing goods at a market.	A man stands beside another man.	contradiction
A man in a tool belt is directing a construction site where a large object is lifted. The crew is using a crane to place a piece of equipment on the roof of a building. A worker instructs a crane where to place a big boxed shaped item. A man with a white hard hat is showing hand signs on the roof.	A man giving a thumbs up.	neutral
Gentleman dressed in light blazer sitting on concrete bench next to small girl in purple shirt and jeans. Father and daughter sitting down on bench and talking peacefully at a beautiful park. Two people sit on a bench as others in the distance move about. A person and a young girl sit on a park bench.	A child sitting in a desk.	contradiction
Several people are standing under a tarp; two ladies are facing each other and one has a backpack on with her hands in her jeans pockets while the other one has a cigarette in her hand. One woman in a denim jacket is smoking and talking to another woman in a black jacket. A woman smoking a cigarette talks to a woman in a black jacket. Two women share gossip while waiting for a bus.	Man standing.	contradiction
Person sitting in snow on a sidewalk holding small black dog and a husky laying beside him. A man and his husky sitting in the snow at the corner of a building. A man and a dog are sitting on the pavement are sitting by a wall. A man sits outside in the snow with his dog and blue blanket.	A man asking for help.	contradiction
A young lady in her early twenties is sweeping the floor of her kitchen and smiling at the camera. A woman is mopping the kitchen floor in a brightly colored, old-fashioned kitchen. A woman is looking into the camera while using a broom on a kitchen floor. Using a mop on a linoleum floor.	A woman poses.	neutral
A young girl wearing a pink flower print shirt and blue jeans examines an object in her hands while sitting on the grass. Asian-American little girl wearing blue jeans and a flowery shirt playing with a flower on the ground. A young girl sits in the grass, admiring a tiny plant. A young girl is inspecting a flower outside.	A man carrying a child.	contradiction
A man wearing a cowboy hat is playing a black guitar outside. A street performer plays the acoustic guitar. A man playing guitar and singing outdoors. A lonely performer playing a black guitar.	Musician playing an instrument and singing.	entailment
Many people are walking in a large city, with many lights and advertisements. People are walking along the sidewalks of a brightly lit city. People look at lit up buildings at night. People are observing billboards.	A group of Asian people walking.	entailment
A young man breakdancing on a cobblestone road with many people watching him. A street dancer twirls on his head in front of a crowd while being filmed. Young man breakdancing on a sidewalk in front of a crowd of people. A crowd forms to watch as a man breakdances in the street.	A policeman stands on a street.	contradiction
One father-aged man and one young girl are swimming in a green pool of water. A father is teaching his daughter how to swim in a lake. A man and a young girl swimming. A couple swimming in a harbor.	Man standing.	contradiction
A group of women pose for a picture as a man plays guitar behind them. Many women sitting happily together smiling at the camera. A group of girls are smiling while posing for a picture. A group of smiling women.	A group of people hugging each other.	neutral
The three men are all wearing a black jacket with yellow highlighting tape. Three workers in reflective gear are waiting against a wall. Three men in reflective gear stand next to a wall. Three men at work standing along a wall.	Men gather.	entailment
In this photo there are several people some on some grassy high ground and some in small canoes in water it looks as if they are racing one team against another the people in the water are all wearing white shirts and the people watching look as if they are trying to see who wins. Two boats full of rowers are rowing down a river while people stand on shore and watch, there is a forest in the background. The men 's rowing team in their green boat is practicing for their upcoming season. People in matching shirts are rowing boats while others are on a path with trees.	Onlookers watch.	entailment
A couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background Two dogs play in a river, one is making a splash. Two dogs run through the water near trees. Two dogs are running through a small pond	Dogs standing in a lake.	entailment
A bus that 's being driven by a man that seems to be giving a tour by the woman. A lady wearing red glasses and a floral shirt speaks to passengers in a bus. A woman in a blue shirt and red glasses holding something on a bus. Tour bus lady taking pictures.	A woman standing up.	entailment
Several young adults sit in a room with a projector on the ceiling. Students sitting in a classroom are learning about art. A bunch of kids in a classroom not doing any work. A meeting in a room with six people.	A group sitting around a table.	entailment
Two women relax at home on a futon-style couch amidst pillows and a pile of clothing, with an array of photographs on the wall behind them. Two women sitting on a black sofa with clothes and a purse in between them. Two teen girl hanging out on the futon. Two teen girls relax on a black futon.	Women smile.	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and gray pants is walking on a shady gravel path past a beige-colored structure. A man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature. An Asian man in khakis is walking in his driveway. A balding man walks on a path shaded by trees.	A man with dark hair walks.	neutral
Beautiful young dancer performing dressed in white and silver performs an acrobatic, ballet, hula-hoop, dance routine while four female observers look on. A dancer performs some gymnastics with a hula hoop before a panel of women. A dancer performing with a hula hoop, with judges in the background. A gymnast is performing in front of four judges.	Performer doing a trick.	entailment
These people with green and blue uniforms are watching something on a computer. Five people in green outfits and one in a blue outfit in a room. Medical workers in uniform are gathered around a table. Women and men in scrubs using a laptop.	Baby sitting.	contradiction
Old black man in black and yellow jacket playing the sax. An elderly black man plays a saxophone on the street. An African American man playing a saxophone. Old man playing saxophone on the street.	A man standing while playing an instrument.	entailment
A man is sitting near the curb playing a guitar and there is a blue bag sitting on the ground next to him. An old man with a blue bag sitting on the pavement playing a guitar. An old man is sitting on the sidewalk playing his acoustic guitar. An older man playing the guitar	A man playing his brown instrument.	entailment
A man in white shirt and metal helmet parking his bike next to some cars. A man in a silver helmet sits on a motor scooter with cars around him. A man with a white hat on a scooter. A man on a bike sitting in traffic.	A man walks down a country street.	contradiction
Several smiling people of varying ages sitting around a table with glasses of beer in front of them. A group of people are sitting at a table which has glasses of beer on it. A group of people at a table with glasses of beer smiling. We drank so much even Uncle Henry was smiling.	Two children sit on a street.	contradiction
A woman with a brown dog is talking to a toddler who is sat on the ground. A woman squatting to face a small child while holding a dog. A woman in a red top and a small dog talks to a young girl. A woman showing a small dog to an infant	Woman selling food.	contradiction
A woman in a pink tank top walking with another woman dressed in a gray tank top with a plaid scarf. A woman in a peach tank top and jeans is walking next to a woman in a gray shirt and yellow scarf. A woman wearing a pink tank top walking next to a woman wearing a brown tank top and plaid scarf Two women are walking together.	A lady seated.	contradiction
A man in a suit walking down a busy street smoking a cigar. Businessman walking down busy street smoking a cigar. A man in a blazer is walking on a busy street. A man in a sport jacket walking in the city.	A vendor walking.	contradiction
A man on stage holds a hello kitty guitar and looks to the right of the picture. A guitarist playing an electric guitar with Hello Kitty on the front. A musician plays a Hello Kitty electric guitar. A man is about to play his guitar.	A man stands at a microphone.	neutral
A man wearing a white shirt and khaki pants passes in front of a snack stand. A man in a white shirt walking with a bag in his hand. Two men are staring outside. Man in white shirt walking.	A man holding a brush.	contradiction
A group of individuals attend a park where they practice their martial arts. A shirtless got in blue pants is being chased by a girl in a black shirt. These people are exercising using the Oriental Ti Chi. A group of children appear to be playing outside.	A man standing on a railing.	contradiction
Young men and women sit at a wooden table on which several partially-drunk beverages have been placed; the picture is interrupted by an outstretched hand, colored green in the odd light of the wood-paneled interior. A green tinted hand is being held up in front of a table of people. People socializing at a table with beverages. A group of friends hanging out in a bar.	Two men do karate.	contradiction
Several men are standing on a city street, and one man in a yellow shirt is approaching a silver car. A city street corner with a silver car parked in the street near the buildings. A gray car waits for the light to turn green at an intersection. Some people and a car are at an urban intersection.	Police walking down a street.	contradiction
A group of people stand on a sidewalk in the midst of a discussion. A group of people is talking and standing next to a bus stop. A group of people stand and converse by a bus stop. A group of people are talking next to a bus stop.	Fans stand.	neutral
Girl in pink coat is sliding down a red slide on her stomach. A toddler in a pink coat is laying front down on a red slide. A small girl sliding headfirst down a shiny red slide. A girl slides on a red slide	A child jumps off of a slide.	contradiction
His back facing us, a young man photographs a lovely mountain lake scene under a hazy sky. A person in a hooded shirt is photographing a tree near some mountains and a lake. A man takes a photograph of a lake with mountains in the background. A tourist enjoying nature.	A man sailing.	contradiction
A man holding a ball in his hand playing a sport surrounded by the opposing team. A handball player prepares to throw in a sea of defenders. Man in black jersey with ball with man in white jersey A man mid-throw during a handball game.	A large crowd watching a game.	neutral
An Asian man wearing a NY Yankees hat and shorts is standing outside with his face propped by his hand and his foot propped up on a brick curb. A man in a beige and white striped shirt, brown shorts and shoes with one hand on his face and one foot up looks ahead. A man leans up against a metal frame, resting his head in his hand. A man standing in a New York Yankees baseball cap.	An older gentleman waiting.	entailment
A man wearing purple clothing is playing a guitar on a stage. A musician is posing while playing an odd-shaped guitar. A man dressed in a funky outfit is playing guitar. A black-haired man plays a guitar.	A performer plays his electric guitar.	neutral
A woman in a college t-shirt walking quickly carrying two shopping bags. Tall Brunette in workout clothes walks with shopping bags A girl in a gray t-shirt walking with shopping bags. A girl walking with some bags.	A woman walking down a busy street.	neutral
A man zips through the water while holding on to a rope, splashing the water all around him. A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction! A man in shorts is waterskiing. A man is skiing in water.	A man is wave boarding.	entailment
Five young people smiling for picture and one child not facing front A group of young Asian women smiling for the camera. Some Asian college girls are drinking A group of Asian girls having fun.	A woman holds a video camera.	neutral
Two small girls talk to a man wearing sunglasses in a colorful van. Two girls are trying to sell some nuts to the driver. Man sitting in a van talks to two young girls. Two young girls talking to a man in a van.	A man sitting.	entailment
A father and son in the water are looking at the water and the boy is looking amazed. An older adult playing with a little boy in a lake with boats in the distance. A man at the beach playing with a child. A man and a young child in water.	A toddler watches.	entailment
A woman is riding a moped on a street with many other people riding mopeds behind her, while streamers and banners hang in the trees overhead. A woman riding a scooter is in front of many other people riding scooters down the street. There are many people wearing helmets riding on bikes. Some people riding scooters in the street.	A group riding down a road.	entailment
A bald man in a blue shirt is operating a fiery furnace. A man in an apron operating an open wood stove. A man wearing a black apron is cooking. A man operating a furnace.	A man canoeing.	contradiction
Two little wiener dogs are running on the grass carrying a red ball between them. Two brown dogs run over the grass carrying a red toy. Two brown dogs are playing with a red ball. Two dachshunds play with a red ball	Dogs fight.	contradiction
A crowd is gathered ready to watch some young adults perform. Crowd gathered around a group of young performers. Children are addressing a crowd on red brick. Kids lined up and surrounded by people.	A group waiting.	entailment
Soccer players dressed in bright blue and white uniforms are jumping in the air. Soccer players in blue and white fight for the ball in midair. Several football players on a field in action. Three boys are playing soccer.	Two men playing drums.	contradiction
An oriental woman wearing a black tunic, leggings and boots, stands outside a produce store. A woman wearing black with a white handbag is standing on the sidewalk in front of a market. The young lady is waiting on the sidewalk in front of a produce stand. A woman in a black coat stands on a curb outside a market.	A man holds a camera while standing.	contradiction
A black man with a black hat and red glasses studies his hands while sitting next to a white man with his hands folded. Two men, one black, one white sitting on a curb. A man wearing a baseball hat is checking his phone An African American is looking at his phone.	A man squints.	neutral
A man dressing in a black shirt is waiting to cross the street with traffic. An Asian man tries to jaywalk on a street with heavy traffic. Man waits for taxis to pass before crossing the wet road. A man waiting for traffic to stop at road crossing	Men doing a stance.	neutral
A gray dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something. A dog is laying on a blue rug, chewing and making a mess. A dog chews on a toy on a blue blanket. A gray dog chewing on a toy.	A puppy stands.	contradiction
A lone scientist digging in the rock for artifacts. A girl sits with excavating tools examining a rock. A woman brushes dust and dirt off a possible find. A person with a brush looking at a large rock.	A woman kneels.	neutral
Two men in army fatigues playing baseball in the middle of a dirt field in the middle of the day. Two soldiers are playing baseball and touching the base. Two men in the military are playing baseball. A couple of army men playing baseball.	A pale man stands.	neutral
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building. A teenage girl with a shaved head walks in a brown skirt and blue jean jacket. The girl with a shaved head is walking outside on the sidewalk. Girl with shaved head walks on path beside building.	A lady doing a cartwheel.	contradiction
A dark-skinned young girl is having her sneakers polished by a shoeshine boy in India. A group of Indian men clean a little girls shoe with a toothbrush and paste. A young dark-skinned girl is having her sneakers polished. A little girl getting her shoes cleaned by a man.	A man chases a dog.	contradiction
A bride standing in the middle of four men in tuxedos and three girls in teal dresses standing in front of the ocean. The bridal party is posing for a picture with the lake in the background. A bride and her wedding party stand in front of a lighthouse and water. A small wedding picture near a river.	A woman has a shirt.	contradiction
A boy hangs about six feet up in the lowest crook between branches of a large tree on a fenced-in, grassy hill. A kid in a white shirt is in a tall tree. A very young boy is up in a tree. A child stuck up in a tree.	A boy climbing a plant.	entailment
A man is looking at vegetables at a Farmer 's Market. People looking at vegetables at an outdoor market. A man looks through produce at a Farmers ' Market. A man is at a stand looking at produce.	A man in a hat standing.	neutral
A downhill skier races down the snowy hillside as the sun shines above in a clear sky. A skier traveling downhill through mostly untouched snow. A lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky. A skier on a slope.	A skier smiles.	neutral
In pool surrounded by plants, one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl. The girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water. A girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool. One girl throws water on another in a pool.	A boy jumps into the water.	contradiction
A female child, wearing a purple shirt and denim skirt, brushing her teeth with a pink toothbrush. A small girl is brushing her teeth with a pink toothbrush. Pretty young lady brushing her teeth. A little girl is brushing her teeth.	A child smiles.	contradiction
A man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar. A young man wearing a plaid shirt sings into the microphone and plays his guitar. This is guy is singing to people on stage while playing his brown guitar. A man singing and playing guitar with his eyes closed.	A performer plays an instrument.	entailment
A boy in green shorts swims past a boy in black shorts in an outdoor pool. Two young boys swimming in a pool of green water. Two children swimming in green water. Two boys swim on a sunny day.	Boys play in a fountain.	contradiction
Five Asian teenagers are talking in a group outside a store. Asian friends standing in the street in busy part of town. A gathering of young women in an oriental market. The group of friends is having a discussion.	Shoppers walk.	neutral
A group of four young children, three girls and one boy are sitting on the floor inside, with a bottle of water in front of the girl wearing glasses. There are several Asian children sitting cross legged on a concrete floor. The children in class are sitting on the floor. Three girls are sitting on the floor.	A kid cries.	contradiction
A crowd of black people are gathered and one person has a backpack on. A large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling. A group of people are gathered together and seem upset. Many people stand in a riot.	A group running.	contradiction
Young man in red hoodie and professional digital camera, hands on top of his head, in an empty building, with graffiti painted on the white walls. A photographer in a red shirt stands inside a room with graffiti on the wall. A man in a red shirt has a camera hanging from around his neck. A photographer with a red sweatshirt is inside a building.	Customers waiting.	contradiction
Two employees look on as another employee is tossing dough in a commercial kitchen. Man, who can operate without looking, tosses pizza dough while two others watch. Three men are in a kitchen, and one is making a pizza Three men are making pizza dough.	Some women watch.	contradiction
The large, dark colored dog is walking through the snow. Black and brown dog approaching camera across snow. A dog walks through the snow in the daylight. A dog walks across the snow.	A dog running through a sprinkler.	contradiction
An oriental man in a blue shirt is leaning against a chain. Street vendors talk to each other while others walk by. Two Asian men rest by a sign on an urban street. A man is watching what to get in the shops.	A man sews.	contradiction
Builders wearing orange vests, white hard hats, and black coats stand near the top of an escalator, viewed through an office window. A crew in orange vests and hard hats stands near the top of an escalator. Several construction workers are looking at an escalator Seven factory workers standing at work.	A guy standing on a stage.	contradiction
An Asian man wearing a NY Yankees hat and shorts is standing outside with his face propped by his hand and his foot propped up on a brick curb. A man in a beige and white striped shirt, brown shorts and shoes with one hand on his face and one foot up looks ahead. An older gentleman is leaning and waiting for something to happen. A man standing in a New York Yankees baseball cap.	Men jousting.	contradiction
The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree. A girl dancing with four boys watching. A group of teenagers stand in a park. Teenagers socializing in the shade.	A child and an older man sit together.	contradiction
A person in a white shirt with blue stripes is holding a large bucket shaped object on the head. A young black man is walking down a deserted street with a container on his head. A young boy walks with a bucket on top of his head. A man walking with a tub of something on his head.	Man carries bottles.	contradiction
A small crowd of people sitting at tables and consuming food or beverages while others are standing or walking. People sitting and walking along a sidewalk cafe just off the dock. People gather on a dock and drink beers. People drinking beer on a doc.	Girls playing jump rope.	contradiction
A police officer stands between dragons in a Chinese New Year celebration. A man in black stands between two huge soft toys at a fairground. A police officer in the middle of a parade A police officer keeps watch a parade.	Women both standing.	contradiction
Under the circular mirror, a guy checks his mobile phone while sitting alone at the restaurant table near the wall. A person sitting at a table with their feet propped up looking at a device of some sort. A man in a black shirt sitting at a restaurant table texting. A boy sitting at a table doing something on his phone.	A woman eats.	contradiction
Four people are engaged in conversation around a table at a New Year party. Three women and a man sitting at a table with a large pitcher of beer. Three women and a man are drinking beer at a table. A group of people talking and drinking beer.	Men gathering.	entailment
Two dogs run in a gravel lot with a fence in the foreground. Two dogs are playing in a fenced in area of gravel. The white and brown dog is shaking its ears. A dog chases another dog.	Dogs walk.	entailment
A boy in the bathroom wearing a Spider-Man t-shirt holding a ball and a toothbrush. A kid in a Spider-Man outfit holds toothbrush and ball in the bathroom A boy is in the bathroom holding a green ball and a toothbrush. A little boy is in a bathroom holding a green ball.	A boy standing.	entailment
Some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus. People wait in line to board a double decker bus under streetlights People are waiting in line to board a double decker bus. Men and women are about to get on a bus.	A group stands in a crowd.	neutral
An Asian woman sitting on a bench going through a pink laptop bag. A woman in a blue blouse is handling a pink purse. A young woman in a blue shirt sitting on a bench. A woman with a pink purse is sitting on a bench.	Several women dancing.	contradiction
A lady wearing a hat and tan coat walks down a brick sidewalk of a city while holding the hand of a little boy wearing a backpack and holding a striped umbrella upside down. A woman and a little boy with a backpack walking with an umbrella in the city. A woman walks down the sidewalk holding a young boy 's hand on a rainy day. An adult woman and a young boy walking through a city in the evening.	A kid skiing.	contradiction
Martial arts students sit on the floor or stand in the background while watching a matchup between two people. A martial arts student attempts to deliver a kick to his sparring partner as fellow students look on. Two men in white uniforms with black belts are competing in a martial arts tournament. A martial arts class, most of the class members are watching two spar.	Onlookers watch.	entailment
A businessman and a security guard are smiling and talking outside a glass building. A man and a police officer are smiling at the photographer. A man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera. A man and a police officer talk to each other.	Men laugh together.	entailment
A young boy wearing a red shirt with yellow writing on it and a red sports cap is squatted in shallow water and touching a yellow pail filled with sand. A child playing with a yellow bucket on a beach. A little boy playing with sand on the beach. A young boy is playing in the sandy water.	A child kneels.	neutral
A person sits in a chair suspended by chains at an amusement park. A lone swinger on a swing ride at the fair. A child on an amusement park swing ride. Kid rides high on fair swing.	Man sitting.	contradiction
Two boys are thinking of what they want to buy and two boys picking up money they dropped. Man with a blue box on wheels smiling at the boys playing around him. A middle-eastern street vendor sells drinks to some young boys. Children in the street buying ice cream and playing.	A child winds up.	neutral
A woman in a red sweater, along with two young boys, eating from red heart shape plates at a wooden table. A lady in a red shirt and two young boys sit around a table eating and drinking. A woman and two boys sit at a table and eating and drinking. A lady in a red shirt and two young boys are eating a meal.	Two children looking into the camera.	contradiction
For people in white, red, and blue cycling clothes cycle around a corner on a wooden track. Four cyclist in competition round a corner that has yellow signs saying " MANCHESTER ". Bicyclists are racing around a tight, enclosed track. A group of people racing on bikes around a track.	Riders gather.	entailment
Hanging onto a bar, the man on a yellow and white board cuts through the waves with the water rooster tailing up behind him. A young man is skiing in splashing waves, on a single board, while being pulled from above by something. A man surfing waves with a parachute. One man kite surfing in the ocean.	A group is looking at a man.	contradiction
Four small kids dress in black and red wedding attire play on the floor. Children wearing red formal attire act silly together. Two girls in red dresses and two boys in suits play. A small family at a wedding.	Two women having a chat.	contradiction
A lady in Capri jeans and dark sleeveless top watches some guys preparing for a race. Race team in black t-shirt service their red and white car. People stand on a drag strip preparing for a race. A group of people are standing around a dragster.	A few men doing work.	entailment
An Asian man in all black hanging up a huge dead pig by its feet. Asian man butchering a hog hanging from a hook. A man is touching a pig being held upside down. Guy preparing to cut up pig for food.	Man is holding a bucket.	contradiction
Two men wearing white shirts with a green stripe and one female in a red jacket are jogging down the street. Marathon runners take a moment to smile for the camera as they are completing their run. Runners sprint down the street hoping to be first. A group of three runners goes by in a race.	A guy doing a flip.	contradiction
A little girl and a grown man are looking at each other and holding up two fingers on their right hands. A man interacting with his daughter at a shopping center. A Chinese family are shopping in the mall together. Two kids with adults at a table.	Groups taking a break.	neutral
A man and a woman stopped on the sidewalk looking at something with their eyes big and wide. A man and a woman is walking hand in hand while looking at the surroundings. A couple holding hands stop to look at something. A couple wearing coats and holding hands.	A woman with a tan scarf wrapped around her neck.	contradiction
Two girls in blue sweatshirts are standing in a large crowd and smiling at something off-camera. Two girls dressed in blue with a crowd in the background. Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping. Two laughing girls sit together and one of them claps.	Two girls laughing.	entailment
A group of men, some with musical instruments, sit in chairs around the perimeter of a room. There is a group of musicians sitting in wooden chairs each with a different instrument. A group of six males sitting near each other playing instruments in a room. A group of men playing instruments in a small room.	Performers doing a dance.	contradiction
The large brown and white dog is jumping towards the small brown and white dog. Two tan and white dogs look at each other in an outdoor setting. Two brown and white dogs in the grass near a stone structure. A Collie and a Springer Spaniel playing outside.	A dog bearing its teeth at a dog.	entailment
A woman is holding a toy snake, she is on stage with a guy speaking through a microphone, and a man in clown makeup holding a guitar. A well dressed man in front of a microphone is attacked by a dragon pinata and a lady. A man speaks into a microphone while a surprised woman holds a stuffed snake. A group of people perform using a fake snake.	Performers sing and play under a spotlight.	neutral
A guy sitting with his arms crossed with a brunette on his left. Man and woman having a serious conversation outside. A woman stares at a man wearing a plaid shirt. A guy and a girl having a conversation.	Three men watching another man.	contradiction
An man from African descent wearing a white shirt, brown trousers and glasses is playing an accordion on a stage at a festival. A black man plays an accordion in front of a Budweiser flag on a stage. An African man playing an accordion. A man is playing the accordion.	Cheerleader standing.	contradiction
A woman wearing a red and black outfit standing in front of a building playing a violin. A woman wearing black and red is playing a violin in front of a brick building. Girl in red, with striped tights, playing violin outside of building. A woman wearing red playing a violin on a sidewalk.	A woman laughs while another woman looks on.	contradiction
Two people standing on top of a rock in the middle of snow and clouds. Two people pose for a picture amidst a snowy, rocky landscape. Two people stand on the edge of a recently snowed on cliff. Two people standing at the edge of a snow covered cliff.	Two hikers rest.	entailment
Colorful musicians playing on a street corner near a church and shopping area. On a strip mall sidewalk, three men in a band play their music. This street band is playing music for people passing by. Musicians playing in front of a shop.	A performer sits.	neutral
Ten people, appearing to range from middle-aged to elderly, playing cards at a table in a cafeteria Ten people, both men and women, are sitting around a large table and playing cards. Ten people are sitting around a table playing a card game, a few are drinking beer. A group of adults are sitting around a table playing a game of cards.	A group meeting.	entailment
Couple walks down a corkscrew walkway above the street. A couple is walking around an architectural building. A guy and a girl going down a spiral walkway. A couple is walking in a building.	A blond woman holding a drink.	contradiction
Two girls in blue sweatshirts are standing in a large crowd and smiling at something off-camera. Two girls dressed in blue with a crowd in the background. Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping. Two laughing girls sit together and one of them claps.	Two children sit on a swing.	contradiction
A man in a white athletic shirt drinks from a cup, while others in the same type shirts walk around. A group of boys wearing sleeveless white shirts, one is drinking from a white cup. Several people in one location with running outfits on and numbers on their chest. Many men and women dressed in shirts with numbers on them.	A group enjoys the water.	contradiction
A woman with dirty blond hair and sunglasses and a man with dark hair stand in front of a record store. A woman and a man are passing by a window displaying a record. A blond girl standing in front of a large metal fan A woman and a man stand outside a store.	A man walking.	neutral
A man on a ladder repairs bronze shingles on the roof of a building. A man is working on building a gold, dome-shaped roof. A man on a ladder repairs the roof of a building. The man works on the roof of the building.	A man standing.	entailment
Beautiful colorful costumes shown in an Indian Parade. A woman dancing on the street in a colorful dress. A woman in a colorful dress dances in the street. Women in colorful dresses are dancing.	A woman eating.	contradiction
A skinny shirtless man wearing sunglasses, a tiger scarf around his neck and a black belt and jeans is hammering on a metal rod. A shirtless man wearing a black hat and a scarf works on an anvil. A shirtless man in a hat and tie is hammering metal on an anvil. A shirtless man working with iron.	Men pushing.	contradiction
The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches. A skateboarder does a trick in the air, another watches and so does a crowd. A skateboarder is watching another skateboarder perform a jumping stunt. A man with an Afro propels his skateboard into the air.	A boy drawing.	contradiction
A young girl in a bikini is standing in a building with people around her, while she is holding a red bandanna. A young female in her underwear holding a red scarf in front of a line to get into a club. An oriental lady posing wearing a black bra and holding a handkerchief. A lady with brown hair standing.	A woman stands next to men.	neutral
A little girt wearing a yellow bracelet and yellow socks with shin guards kicks a bright pink soccer ball. A girl in a white shirt, blue shorts, and yellow socks kicks a pink soccer ball. A little girl wearing blue shorts and yellow socks is kicking a pink ball. A young girl prepares to kick a pink soccer ball.	A girl running.	contradiction
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky. A young man high in the air performing a bicycle stunt. A man is doing a trick on a bicycle in the air. A BMX rider airborne on his bike	Two children jumping on a trampoline.	contradiction
A woman in pink enjoys her iced tea and appetizer at a restaurant. An older woman wearing a pink turtleneck is having dinner. A woman wearing a pink shirt is eating at a dark table. A woman in a pink shirt eating dip from a bread bowl.	A lady chatting.	contradiction
A man wearing a white tank top and white hat is engraving key chains. A man is carving a handcrafted wooden key ring in a workshop. A man in his workshop making artifacts. A man is working in a wood shop.	A black man leans over.	contradiction
A small boy and girl citing on a sidewalk with a man standing behind them. A boy and a girl are sitting on the sidewalk. Two children are sitting on the sidewalk. Two kids sitting on the sidewalk.	Two children playing in a room.	contradiction
A blue farm machine pulls people down rows of vegetation, while four people do something with the vegetation in the rows. A man in a tractor is followed by at least two other men and they are doing something involving plants. Two guys working in a field with plants behind a tractor playing plants as it moves along. There are a group of people on a tractor of some kind riding through a field.	Workers pick vegetables.	neutral
A male figure wearing a black shirt and jeans is strumming a guitar while holding the pick with his mouth. Male wearing blue jeans and a black shirt playing the guitar outside a building. A bald Caucasian man in blue jeans and black print t-shirt playing a guitar. Guy playing an acoustic guitar at a concert	A musician playing an instrument on a street.	entailment
A group of young boys playing football in full pads and uniforms. Kids aggressively getting ready for a play in football. Junior High football players line up for the next play. The essence of nothingness.	Crowd sitting.	contradiction
An older white male standing in front of the Golden Gate Bridge at the riverside painting or examining a portrait of said bridge. Older man with white hair and a red cap painting the golden gate bridge on the shore with the golden gate bridge in the distance. Man wearing a light blue jean jacket looking at a painting next to a river and bridge. A man looks on at his painting of the golden gate bridge.	Guys laugh.	contradiction
A young boy in a white shirt is following his brother outside. Two young children are walking through a wooded area. Two children running with no shoes on. Two young children playing outside.	A child standing.	contradiction
White man with long gray beard, wears a black top hat and long black suit as he walks down the street. A gray bearded man dressed in a black suit is walking past a street marking of a person on a bicycle. A man with a beard walks down the sidewalk past a bicycle crossing sign on the ground. An elderly man in black clothes and a black hat walking down a sidewalk.	Well dressed man walks.	entailment
A bicyclist jumps their bike while a crowd spread across a hillside watches. A man in a white jacket and helmet does tricks on his bike. A mountain bike racer jumps his bike as spectators watch. A dirt biker competes while onlookers watch.	A man performing a stunt on a bicycle.	entailment
A woman in a red shirt and glasses leans out an order window next to a tall chef statue and a famous sign. A senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches. A Food Service Worker sitting on the Counter. A counter person looks on at a food court.	A woman applies makeup to another woman.	contradiction
There are bushels of vegetables for sale at a marketplace and a man is pushing his loaded down bicycle. People gather at a flea market to shop for food and a variety of goods. Potential customers shopping in a busy marketplace. An outdoor market, full of fresh vegetables.	A man walking down the middle of a street.	neutral
A young girl who is sitting on a giant orange pumpkin and is surrounded by pots of flowers smiles for the camera. A little girl sits on top of a pumpkin in front of an arrangement of vivid flowers outside. A little girl is posing on some pumpkins within an area surrounded by flowers. A little girl sits on top of a large pumpkin in a garden.	A child poses for a photo.	entailment
A woman dances along with a dancing video-game projected on large screen behind her. A girl is playing a virtual video game while her image is displayed behind her. The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen. A woman is dancing on stage in front of a screen.	A woman smiles.	entailment
Men and women gathered sitting on the edge of a river banking. A group of young adults gather on a graffiti covered bridge. A gaggle of youths sitting atop a cement structure. Group sits on wall waiting for event.	A group socializing.	entailment
A lady in blue jeans and a brown jacket is walking down a city street. A woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near Christmas lights. A woman photographed from behind as she 's walking down a sidewalk Person walking down the street in the city.	A lady carrying a bag walks.	neutral
A girl in red rides on her stomach in a playground swing above a sandy surface. A girl hangs over the seat of a swing in a playground. A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach. A girl is playing on a swing.	A little girl swinging.	entailment
Two Indian children, one of which has a striped shirt on and a white v symbol on his forehead looking straight ahead, standing by an Indian lady wearing a pink and purple costume who seems to be staring down at the ground. A boy in a blue shirt looks at a woman wearing a multicolored dress while another child looks in the opposite direction. A lady dressed in a beautiful pink, jewel encrusted outfit and makeup standing next to two children. Two boys and a girl dressed in traditional clothing.	A boy has some paint.	contradiction
A happy woman and her son enjoying a moment together on a cool day at the rock shoreline of a lake. A mom and son having fun at the lake during winter. Woman and child enjoy the view from the lakeside. Woman with child laughs by the shoreline.	Woman eating.	contradiction
People are walking inside a very tall, old building. People are walking in a very tall arched atrium. A group of people in a dome like building. People walking through a building.	A crowd stands.	contradiction
A groom laughing as his new bride holds her hand up to her face. A man in a jacket and tie smiles at a woman in a white dress. An elegantly dressed man and woman are standing together. Bride eating wedding cake from her new husband 's shirt.	Men lining up.	contradiction
Hard workers are enjoying their lunch break sitting in the shade against a building. A group of people are sitting and eating bags of snacks. A group of young people sit in the shade eating lunch. A group of people sitting against a wall eat snacks.	Some men and women sitting.	entailment
A man wearing a Facebook lanyard is holding a microphone. A young blond-haired man speaks into a microphone. A man in a white shirt holds a microphone. A man is speaking into a microphone.	A man with brown hair talks.	contradiction
A man in a gray jacket and bright striped tennis shoes plays an upright piano outdoors while three people look on. A man wearing a gray jacket is playing the piano on the sidewalk. A man in a denim jacket playing the piano in the street. A street musician in Europe.	A man squatting down.	contradiction
Four men dressed in t-shirts and shorts are looking out a window unto the street below. Several men look out the window while a woman in sunglasses leans on a wall nearby. A group of people looking out of a window onto the street. People are sitting at a bar that overlooks a street.	A girl looking to the side.	neutral
A black and white dog is running through the water while holding something red in its mouth. A dog runs on the beach with a red toy with a string in his mouth. A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth. A dog is running in water with a red stick in its mouth	A dog touches noses with another dog.	contradiction
Three little boys playing in a hallway as a man in a blue shirt watches. Two young children standing with a security guard. The young boy with the blue shorts is stretching. Man watching child in hallway.	A police officer watches.	entailment
There are three women in a yellow painted room, sitting at a table, having fun playing a card game. Three women, smoking cigarettes and playing cards, drinking at a bar. Three girls, at a table, playing a card game. Three girls have fun while playing a card game.	A group of men sitting on steps.	contradiction
Two Asian girls with bleached blond hair sitting, one in baby doll type clothing. Two Asian girls with dyed hair sit on the sidewalk. Two blond girls are sitting on a sidewalk. Two girls in costumes sit on a sidewalk.	A group of girls sits.	contradiction
A bearded man in a blue shirt ls laughing while a suited mustached man holds up a glass. There is a man with a blue shirt on and man with a gray coat on holding cups. A man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs. Two men wearing nametags having a drink and smiling	Men have fun.	entailment
A man riding on a four wheeler as he leaps through the air with smoke behind him. A guy in racing gear gets air while riding a yellow ATV. A man in a safety helmet is riding an ATV very fast. A cyclist riding an all terrain vehicle.	A man brushes.	contradiction
Two Asian women in red bottoms, one in a blue top, one in a white top, leaning down over something while the woman in the blue top smiles. Two girls looking down at something, one is smiling. Two dark-haired girls looking down at something Two teenage girls, one is smiling.	Two women waving flags.	contradiction
A man and woman pose for a picture together, with neither smiling. A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture. A couple wearing winter coats posing together. Blurry photo of man and woman.	A lady holding a baby.	contradiction
A young woman in a black coat, hat, and leather boots, carrying a white handbag, is standing in the snow beside a small river, in front of a boat named Savoie, with her arm outstretched as though throwing a stone into the water. A girl with a black winter jacket and brown boots is throwing snow over a fence around a canal or waterway. A girl in heavy clothing throwing something into an icy river. A woman hails to a ferry in the snow.	A woman posing.	neutral
A view of the kitchen and cooks of a pizza business. Cooks in a pizza parlor check the oven. Men are preparing a variety of pizzas. A man is pulling a pizza out of an oven	Men standing in front of an oven.	entailment
A small, skinny, black child hanging on a piece of wood looking at a white woman. The young boy looks at the woman like she has no idea what he 's been through. A little African boy looks curiously at an adult white female. A child and woman exchange glances.	A girl sitting on a man's lap.	contradiction
Child in a denim jacket, sitting on a red car toy looking a people bike and walk down a street. A child in a blue jacket is looking to his left as bike rides down the street. A boy with a toy car is watching a cyclist go down the street. A little blond boy watching a bicyclist ride down a street.	A man on a bicycle riding down a street.	neutral
A man wearing a pink ribbon on his arm has been splattered with yellow paint. A man in a black shirt, covered in paintball splatter, makes a face. A man has a pink ribbon around his arm. A man in a sweatshirt in the woods.	A man looks at the sky through a telescope.	contradiction
Several men dressed in cowboy boots and hats are hanging around, and one man is getting his shoes shined. Demonstrators waiting for the policemen to hear their grievances against police oppression and brutality. A group of men are waiting to get their boots shined. A man is shining shoes in a marketplace.	A group gathered.	entailment
A group of young adult women in bikinis sit in a field of wild grass and flowers, some under a striped umbrella. A group of people are sitting under a sunshade in a grassy woodland clearing. A group of young women sunbathing in meadow. A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.	Group gazes.	neutral
Two silhouettes of joggers as they go under a dimly lit tunnel. Runners pass under a bridge in the early morning. Two people jogging on a path. Two runners exit a tunnel.	Two men running.	entailment
Two barefooted people are walking down a paved road with an upside swimming pool on their heads. Two barefoot people are carrying pots on their backs and standing by the side of a road. Two people are walking beside a road, holding large pots on their heads. Two people are hiding under giant bowls, possibly to avoid the sun.	Women walking.	neutral
The blond man is sitting on a case at the beach waiting to take a picture of the sunset. A photographer is sitting on his camera case at the beach. Wonderful clear skies and beautiful night. A man taking pictures on the beach.	An artist filming.	entailment
A girl is lying on a brick pillar while a young man is sitting on another near her looking through a pamphlet. A man with a backpack reads a book near a woman relaxing on a concrete slab. A dark-haired young man dressed in black reads to a young woman lying down A lady is lying down while a man sits next to her and reads.	Students study.	neutral
These four people are standing outdoors, with three dogs. A group of people stands by their dogs in a field. Four people stand with their dogs in a field. Four people holding three dogs in a field.	Businessmen stand.	contradiction
A woman in a white shirt smiling at a man in a blue shirt and white cap. Two people talk next to a flag with an eye illustration. A man wearing a white baseball cap talks to a woman. A woman smiling at a man on the street.	A man having a snack.	contradiction
A lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp. The bicyclist has both wheels off the ground. A trials biker doing a trick in the air. A bicyclist doing a jump.	Men rafting.	contradiction
A man in a pink shirt is spotted drinking a beer. A man wearing a pink shirt is enjoying a drink. A man wearing a jacket is having a drink. A man in a plaid jacket is drinking beer.	A man smiling.	contradiction
A little cute girl in a white dress is revealing her presents. A young girl is opening a present in a purple birthday bag. A little girl is opening a birthday gift bag excitedly A young girl is opening a present hastily.	A child unwrapping her gift.	entailment
A young girl hops on the path to avoid the puddles, located near a lake. A little girl skips down a path near an idyllic country pond. A little girl runs down a path in a Japanese garden. The girl runs near a pond.	A child jumping on a street.	contradiction
People working to clear the debris and excess materials after building highway bridge. Workers cleaning up and rebuilding at a construction site. A construction crew working on a building site. A person is using a shovel and working hard.	Men digging.	entailment
A black and white dog is sliding down a sandy hill. A black and white dog is climbing down a hill. A black dog running on a sand mound. A black and white dog sliding down a slope on a beach.	A dog digging.	contradiction
Time lapse of many people crossing a street in front of a large group of billboards. Blurred time exposure of pedestrians crossing street. There is a busy street, with many people crossing. A group of people are crossing a busy street.	A group walking across a street.	entailment
A building front with a few people sitting down at a table. Three people having coffee outside of a museum. A group of people sitting from afar. People sit outside a building.	A group rowing.	contradiction
A black dog runs down a snowy hill with his legs deep in the snow. A dog up to its belly in the snow attempts to move. The dog runs in the deep snow. A dog shoulder-deep in snow.	Brown dog scratching its ear.	contradiction
Several police officers ride bikes with small flags of different nationalities. Police motorcyclists, some flying flags from their bikes, ride down a street. A group of five police officers on motorcycles are riding on a city street. Drill team police drive by on a local street.	Cops drive.	entailment
An elderly woman with a purple and white dress sews a linen with a manual sewing machine. A woman dressed in red sits at a table and sews with a sewing machine. A woman is sowing an Indian artifact for an upcoming festival. An old woman sewing some clothes.	A woman sits on the bank of a stream.	contradiction
A man, talking on a cellphone, bicycles on the sidewalk, passing under a light-post with a hanging flower pot. Two people are bicycling down the road in front of a tall, yellow and white building. A man on a bicycle riding down the sidewalk and talking on the phone. Two people riding their bicycles down an empty road.	Two bicyclists riding on a street.	entailment
A man wearing a dark suit and a red tie walks in front of a large, white, circular building and across a large set of concrete curved stairs. A man stands outside by himself beside some old buildings and a brick street. A man is standing near a large metal statue shaped like organ pipes. A large white cruise ship in the background behind a black gate.	A model standing.	neutral
Construction worker in the middle of doing his job working on a house. A shirtless construction worker smiles in a half-constructed house. Construction worker overseeing his work while coiling up cable. Shirtless construction worker builds interior of home.	A man holding wire.	entailment
A man dressed in all red is playing his sport with an official in black watching the bounds of the play area. Male tennis player with tattoo on left arm in position to hit the ball with onlooker sitting down. A male badminton player reaching to backhand the shuttlecock at an Olympic event. Tennis player in red shirt playing tennis	Guys yelling.	contradiction
A man in red swim trunks is serving a beach volleyball. A man in red a red swimsuit hitting a volleyball. A man hits a volleyball on the beach. A man plays volleyball on the beach.	A tennis player hits the tennis ball with her racket.	contradiction
A young girl is lifted by a red-haired woman in glasses partially up a playground pole as the girl looks skyward with a large smile on her face. A little girl is laughing as her mom holds her up to a pole at the playground. A little girl, in a blue and white shirt, with her mom at a playground. A little girl is helped up a bar by a woman.	A child smiling.	entailment
Little boy wearing jeans is playing on industrial equipment. A boy in blue jeans stands in the scoop of a bulldozer. A boy crawls under a house outside. A boy stands on a black bench.	A boy walking.	contradiction
Two young, white boys, are running from the beach into the ocean. Two young boys in swimsuits are playing on a beach by the ocean. Two boys in swimming shorts are playing in the sea at the beach. Two boys play in the shallow surf at the beach before sunset.	A child has their arms raised.	entailment
A man with clown makeup on is holding a guitar and a harmonica while standing in front of a microphone. A man with the face paint of a clown holds a ukulele and harmonica. A man in suit with face paint is playing a guitar on stage. A man with face paint playing a small guitar.	A mime performing on stage.	entailment
A group of young men and women chat and observe the menu at a fancy restaurant. People sitting around a table with menus and wineglasses. Several people are at a restaurant looking at red menus. People talking in a restaurant	A group squatting.	contradiction
A group of people wearing costumes jump as they walk down the street. People in a parade wearing multicolored clothes and dancing. Two women in motley high kick at a parade. Street dancers in blue and red pants.	A crowd watches.	contradiction
Female in a red shirt with a black and red veil walks with a young male in an orange tank top while following behind an older female in a black veil and skirt. A diverse collection of people are walking away from the camera and around a gray building during the day. A boy in an orange sleeveless shirt is walking outside next to a woman in a red top with a headscarf. Several women dressed in burqas and a child in an orange shirt out walking in a public space.	A group walking.	entailment
A member of one volleyball team has just sent the volleyball over the net while the other team is attempting to block it. Two female volleyball teams are competing in a volleyball game with spectators in the background. Two teams of women all wearing uniforms competing against each other in a game of volleyball. An intense game of women 's volleyball is taking place indoors.	Teams face off.	entailment
Two men, both have glasses, are wearing striped shirts are in the kitchen preparing a meal and washing up. Two men in striped shirts cleaning and preparing food in a small kitchen. Two college looking guys preparing food in the kitchen. Two men in a cramped kitchen, doing tasks.	Men standing.	entailment
Man with blue hat and a white t-shirt stands next to a small white van. A man in a blue hat has his foot on the front bumper of a van. A man in a gray shirt next to a white van A man standing next an older silver van.	A man holds his hands up.	neutral
An old man with a cigarette hanging out of his mouth standing in front of a fryer while holding a carton of cooking oil. Bald man with a cigarette in his mouth prepares to pour a chemical into a tub filled with solution. Old man smokes while preparing to pour oil into a fryer. A man setting up the cooker.	A man kneels.	contradiction
Black and tan dog with all paws off ground and yellow object in mouth. A dog running with something in his mouth in the grass. The black and brown dog is playing in the yard. The dog by the fence is running on the grass.	A dog jumping.	entailment
A blond woman shows what is on her computer screen. A man in a white shirt leaning over a computer. Woman and man showing an image on a laptop. Two people working near a laptop computer.	A man talking.	contradiction
Large group of young kids gather around as one of the young children does a back flip as a demonstration for everyone. A man in jeans and white sneakers is doing a backflip in front of a group of onlookers in a dance studio. Kids are practicing for an event that they will perform at school. A man flips in the air before a crowd of onlookers.	Some dancers performing on a stage.	neutral
Three men and one woman sit in a public area, in front of a map, playing music on guitars and drums. A group of musical performers are playing and a crowd of people is around them. A group of people playing music on the street in front of a crowd. Street performs are playing their instruments outdoors.	Street musicians playing instruments.	entailment
A man wearing a floral shirt and tie is holding drumsticks, as a man with no shirt and gray pants is smiling and holding another drumstick. A rocker with a flowered shirt and tie holds a drumstick next to a shirtless drummer. Two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down. A man adjusts the cymbal for a drummer.	Men rocking out on stage.	entailment
An entertainer in a black shirt with a red tie and red suspenders, in Toronto, is playing with fire. A man creates a fireball in midair with a group looking on. A man in a black shirt is under a fire ball. A man playing with fire in front of a crowd.	A man points at something.	neutral
Two elderly people are sitting on a couch by a younger woman in a pink shirt who is holding a baby. A mother sitting with a baby and an older couple on a burgundy colored couch. Three people sit on a sofa, one of which is holding a baby. A young woman holds an infant between an older couple.	An infant yawning.	neutral
An Asian male with a brown sweater playing a guitar. A young man in a brown shirt holding a guitar. A man is playing an acoustic guitar. There is a person playing a guitar.	Man waterskiing.	contradiction
A man wearing a kilt is standing on a field surrounded by flags and flowers. The man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something. The back of a man wearing a kilt on a grass field. A man is wearing blue socks and a kilt.	Men swimming.	contradiction
The two dogs are enjoying a run through the surf. Two dogs are running through the surf. Two dogs run out of the ocean lake. Two dogs play in the surf.	Some dogs sleeping.	contradiction
Five female hockey players are scrambling for the ball around the goal mouth. The field hockey players scramble in front of the goal. A group of girls playing field hockey. Girls play field hockey.	The team scores a goal.	neutral
A dog performs a slalom-like obstacle while the owner walks alongside. The woman is training a white dog to zigzag through metal poles. A dog goes through an obstacle course while a person looks on. A dog is going through a slalom style obstacle course.	A dog plays with a man.	contradiction
This worker is high above the buildings changing the advertising on a bulletin board. A billboard for Comcast Digital Voice that references Madagascar 2. A damaged looking Comcast billboard that contains a cartoon lion. A man prepares a billboard for display	Many men running.	contradiction
A man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face. People are playing in sprinklers in front of a monument with a person 's face on it. Barefoot people standing in water in front of a large piece of art featuring a face. A man and woman and a small boy are playing in an outdoor water feature.	Dogs on leashes walk down a sidewalk.	contradiction
A sign indicates " Dangerous Shorebreak " on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach. People on a beach and a sign that says " dangerous shorebreak ". Several people are on a shoreline that has a sign behind them. People go to the beach on a cloudy day.	A group talking with each other.	neutral
People playing cricket in the park, pine trees in the back. Some men are playing cricket in front of a white building. Some adults play Cricket on a nice day. People playing cricket on a field.	Men stand together.	neutral
A boy in a red sweatshirt and New York Giants gloves is leaning on a large rock. A young man in gloves and a hooded sweatshirt leans on a boulder. A boy in a red sweatshirt leans on a rock. Boy leaning on rock next to drop off.	A boy rests.	entailment
An Asian parade of some sort seems to be going on as a man struggles with his dragon prop. Man carrying a dragon mask in the middle of a crowd of people. A crowd gathered around a man carrying a red Japanese mask. A few people holding cameras in a crowded street.	A crowd taking pictures.	entailment
A young boy stands on a wide floor with his mouth open. A young boy at a party, dancing enthusiastically. The boy has his mouth open A boy screams.	A child shows off his moves.	entailment
An older man, a middle-aged man, and young man are each sitting on a horse and looking in various directions, in a corral near a large tree. A man and young boy get ready to ride their horses while out and about on the ranch. An older man watching as a younger man fiddles with something on his horse. Two men wearing hats sitting on horses.	A man sitting on a bench with his bike.	contradiction
Two men dressed in odd clothing are jumping on a basketball court. Two young men in unusual clothing are jumping in a gym. Two men wearing silly outfits are dancing. Two young men are performing in a gym.	A child jumping.	entailment
While standing in front of several cafe tables, a woman wearing an off-white blouse and a dark colored skirt speaks with a woman who is wearing white sunglasses, a white shirt and a green skirt. Two women talking in an outdoor setting. Two women wearing glasses are talking. Two women at a function talking	Kids converse.	contradiction
Two young people in a department store roughhousing on a couch. Two young people rough-housing on furniture in a value store. A woman play hitting a man on a couch in a department store. A girl in a red plaid shirt with blue jeans making a fist.	A girl standing on a chair.	contradiction
A flaming red-haired middle-aged woman with pale skin is standing in front of a brick wall. A girl with extremely red hair, blue eyes, and fair skin waves. A beautiful red-haired woman is posing for the camera. Girl with red hair modeling.	A woman bowing.	contradiction
Four ladies are sitting on a bench while 3 are stand close by. An elderly group of ladies sitting and standing by a bench. A group of females are sitting down on a bench. About six older women sit at a bench and talk.	A group gathers.	entailment
Basketball player tries to get around a defender, in red. Basketball players playing in front of a small audience A basketball player is dribbling the ball. Boys are playing basketball in a stadium.	Man playing college basketball.	entailment
In a park, a boy is bent to read the tree description, and a girl is standing nearby waiting for him. A young man looks at a book on the ground in a wooded area. A young boy plays outdoors in the woods. A boy is playing outside.	A child running around outside.	entailment
Several individuals getting together to play the bagpipes and eat some cuisine. A room with four people playing bagpipes with a couple other people watching. People playing bagpipes in a kitchen. A group of people playing bagpipes.	A woman playing darts.	contradiction
A group of people, of all ages, listening to a concert being performed by a solo practitioner. A crowd gathers around a lady with an acoustic guitar who is performing A woman, playing music, smiles as a crowd surrounds her. A woman performing with a guitar on a crowded street.	A group of workers stands.	contradiction
A young man takes an airborne leap while snowboarding. A snowboarder with a colorful board in the air. Guy snowboarding on a " HATE " board. A man snowboarding down a hill.	A man attempting a trick.	entailment
A black and tan dog is walking over a shoreline with many small sand hills. A small black and tan dog walking in wet sand. A dog walking on a wet beach. A dog in the beach	A shaggy dog running.	contradiction
A man gestures with his hands as he stands in front of a podium with a microphone. A man in a suit and tie in a fancy building is speaking at the podium. A gray-haired gentleman in a suit is standing in front of a podium. Male standing at a podium speaking.	A man gesticulates.	entailment
A gray-haired woman in a yellow shirt sitting under a blue sign. An older woman sits under a sign advertising a 3 slice special. A woman facing down is sitting under an advertisement. A woman sits underneath a sale sign.	A woman sits on a wooden bench.	neutral
All the people sitting on the subway are reading, except for one man who is checking his phone. Several people on the subway reading the newspaper. Several people reading newspapers on the subway. People on a subway read their newspapers.	A woman walking alone.	contradiction
Four children at a skate park, one in rollerblades and three riding scooters. Older boy rollerblading in front of young children on scooters. Kids playing on scooters, and another doing tricks in skates. Kids scootering and rollerblading on ramps.	Children performing a play.	contradiction
A girl in a gray shirt and pink skull cap is standing in a kitchen stirring food in a pan. A woman posing for a picture while cooking food. Cooking hot peppers in the cold winter! A woman is cooking food in a kitchen.	A woman talking.	neutral
A small black and white puppy running along a gravel path next to a larger dog in the background. A black and white puppy with ears straight up is running. A black and white puppy runs along the gravel road. A small black and white dog.	A dog walking.	entailment
A boy in a blue and white jacket with a blue hat helps a girl with a red hat and blue and white jacket onto a horse. Three children wearing hats playing on a horse Three kids playing with a brown pony. Some kids with a horse having fun.	Kids gather.	entailment
Three guys are on stage, one wearing a black shirt, one a beige shirt with a guitar and the microphone, and on in white. Three guys on stage, one of whom has a guitar and another a keyboard. Three people in a band are playing on stage. A three man band playing at a small concert.	Men have laptops.	contradiction
Woman jogging into an odd shaped tunnel that has a decorative fence on the bridge over it. A darkly dressed jogger running towards an overpass on a sunny day. Person in black about to jog under a bridge. A woman is running outside.	A runner is about to run.	entailment
A lady in a pink hat is interacting with a lady wearing a tan hat and blue jacket at an event. Two ladies moving about in an large theater or sports arena. A large number of people are seated in a stadium. Two women converse among a crowded stadium.	Women stand.	entailment
A man on top of a tiled roof works next to his bucket. A man is doing work on shingles on a roof. A man is working on top of a roof. A man fixing his roof.	A man making repairs.	entailment
A man with gray hair and a black mustache is wearing a tan button-down short-sleeved shirt, blue Capri pants, and sandals while standing on the sidewalk. Three men in casual dress sitting on a stone wall with one more standing near. A group of four men sit together on stone steps. A group of people gathered by a stone wall.	Some men socializing.	entailment
A man lecturing a group of people in a medium sized room. A man standing in front of several people talking. A man getting ready to speak to an audience. People gathered for a presentation.	A man sits next to a child.	contradiction
Students taking study time to study, read paper or daydream at the window. People sitting at tables reading or working. People are reading magazines inside a room. A woman has her sunglasses on her head.	A man sitting on a trolley.	contradiction
A man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him. A man in a cream blazer and fedora plays the saxophone. A man in a beige jacket and hat plays saxophone. A man in a brown coat is playing the saxophone.	A man plays guitar for money.	contradiction
An older couple shares a loving moment leaning over a railing overlooking the ocean. An elderly couple enjoy some time alone on the boardwalk overlooking the ocean. A couple gazing out into the ocean from a bridge. This is a couple in love.	A man is fixing a toy.	contradiction
Two people are standing on sidewalk in front of a large building. A man is kneeling on the sidewalk to talk to a little girl. A man crouches on the sidewalk next to a little girl. A man bends down to speak to a little girl.	A man stops on a street.	entailment
Girl wearing a mini dress and long-sleeve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area. A woman wearing black boots and a skirt walks down the sidewalk. A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores. A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.	A girl walking down a street.	entailment
Several people are shopping at what looks to be some kind of street market with cars and graffiti and street art in the background. Boy standing in a marketplace looking vegetables and fruits. People are buying and selling fruit in an open air market. People shopping in a fruit market.	A man walking.	contradiction
Many people gather in an open air market where there is fruit in large bins, the weather is overcast. People are making purchases at an outdoor food market. People shop for produce at an outdoors marketplace. Many people are walking around at a fruit market.	A team walking.	neutral
A man under colorful stage lights playing a guitar. A local musician up on stage, playing guitar. A musician is playing guitar on stage. Man playing guitar on stage	A man standing while playing an instrument.	entailment
A crowd of people are walking inside an exposition center for some sort of event. A bunch of people are walking in a crowded area. People walking around in a crowded place. Group of people at train station	A person walks.	entailment
A large brown dog and a small brown dog are standing near each other beside a body of water. A big dog and a little dog stand near each other near the water. Two brown dogs together standing on the bank of a lake. Two dogs pass each other near some water.	A woman walking large dogs.	contradiction
A musician settles down in a subtle area to play his tunes for the people walking by. A man in a blue shirt and a dark cap is playing a black guitar on a street corner. A man is sitting on the side of the road playing guitar. Man in fedora plays his black guitar outside.	Men sitting at a conference table.	contradiction
Several fans are watching a hockey game, while one takes a picture with a telephoto lens, and two players cheer their team on. Spectators sit in the audience at a hockey game while a photographer takes pictures from a box in between the opposing teams. A photographer, at a hockey game is taking a pictures of the action at the moment. A photographer is taking pictures from rinkside of a hockey game	An artist taking photos.	entailment
Man with a backpack and bandanna reviewing pictures on his DSLR camera. A man wearing a bandanna around his head is holding a camera. A young man pauses to examine the image on his camera. A man outside on gravel looking down into a camera.	Man stands near bicycles.	neutral
Two outdoors men talk while leaning against a brick wall. Two men leaning on a brick wall facing one another. Two men are having a conversation at a brick wall. Two men talking behind a brick wall.	Men sitting while others are standing.	contradiction
There is a woman in a green and white plaid dress playing tambourine with a man in all black playing the accordion. A man playing an accordion and a lady in a green and white dress playing the tambourine. A man playing the accordion with a girl singing and playing the tambourine. Young artists utilize an accordion in an outdoor venue.	Musician playing an instrument.	entailment
Two guys having fun playing and singing a song. Two men in black shirts play Guitar Hero. Two men playing a guitar video game. Two men play a music game.	A man holding an instrument.	entailment
Cyclists, wearing a white uniform and orange uniform, race against each other down the road. A group of bicycle racers in close pursuit, peddling on a paved surface. Helmeted cyclists on racing bikes pedal furiously toward the finish line. A small group of bicyclists are racing.	Two riders racing.	entailment
A man wearing a gray helmet next to his moped in a busy area. A middle-aged man on his bike wearing a helmet in a market. A man in a plaid shirt is wearing a gray motorcycle helmet. Man standing wile wearing a helmet.	A man holding a briefcase.	contradiction
A small group of people outside a building standing around listening to a saxophone player. A man is playing a Saxophone while people on the street listen to the music. Four young people have stopped to listen to a man play a saxophone. Four people watching a man playing a musical instrument.	Guys sitting.	contradiction
A black man, in a crowd, watching a show, raising his arms. A black man wearing a bandanna and sunglasses raising his arms A black male looking and reaching his arms upward. People gathered together in a concert.	A guy holds his hands up.	entailment
A dog with a blue collar is licking a man who 's wearing large tinted sunglasses. A large brown dog with a blue collar is resting his chin on a man 's face. An orange dog is licking a man wearing red sunglasses. A dog places his head on a man 's face.	Dogs growling at each other.	contradiction
The young man catches some air while skateboarding. A skateboarder doing a maneuver in the air. A man jumps in the air on his skateboard. A boy does a skateboard trick.	A skater jumps.	entailment
Two men are on stage playing guitars while a third man wearing a baseball hat sings into a microphone. Three men at a concert, two men playing guitar, and one man singing. A singer and two guitarists are playing on a colorfully lit stage. A trio band rocks out on stage.	A man with long hair playing an instrument.	entailment
A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms. Basketball player in white uniform leaping to make a shot while being blocked by player in black. Basketball players leap for the ball while the crowd watches. A basketball player takes a shot.	A man standing by another man.	neutral
Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that 's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch. A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture. Two young children wearing green fleece, surrounded by toys. Two little boys are playing with toys.	Man and child smiling.	neutral
A small brass band performs on stage for a large audience with a department flag on one side of the stage and an America flag on the other side. A school band performing in front of a crowded park surrounded by trees. The orchestra plays for the crowd beneath the lush greenery. A group of musicians play outside in front of a large crowd.	Men playing instruments.	neutral
Two brown-haired girls blow kisses at the camera while standing on a tree lined path. Two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera. Two young girls blowing a kiss into the camera, on an empty street. Two girls blow kisses into the camera.	Two children posing for a picture.	entailment
A boy in colorful pants plays guitar and laughs together with his friends. A male in a red t-shirt plays a guitar in a room full of people. A group of smiling people sit around a man with a guitar. A boy in pajama pants playing a guitar.	A woman smiling.	neutral
The boy is holding on to a rubber chicken with eight balls on its feet Small child holding onto hanging rubber chickens. A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air A little boy playing with two rubber chickens.	A boy walking in the grass.	contradiction
The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt performs a trick. A child performs skateboard tricks on a wooden platform. A man in a darkened room performing skateboard tricks. The skateboarder is wearing a helmet.	A skater sits.	contradiction
A person wearing a red shirt jumps with a skateboard over the steps. A boy leaps off his skateboard over some steps near a house. The boy is skateboarding on the stairs. Kid riding skateboard down the stairs.	Some individuals jump.	entailment
Two girls are walking along the street and talking. Two women walking down the street Two women walk down the street. Two women walk down a street.	Other women stand.	neutral
A girl in a white tank top posing with a guitar in front of a red Chevelle. A young girl in front of a red an old red care with an old red guitar. A girl is standing in front of an automobile while holding a guitar. She is standing in front of a vintage car and ready to play guitar.	A woman playing a red instrument.	entailment
A beach with blue and red boats, with people on shore People are doing various activities on the beach. People at beach looking for things in sand Many people walking on beach.	A man reaches out.	neutral
A young man performing a bicycle stunt on a very small platform, while another is spotting him. A man in a red outfit and black helmet is performing a stunt on a bicycle. One man watches as another man does a stunt on his bicycle. Two men one riding a bike and another holding a toy.	A man using a magnifying glass.	contradiction
A young man performs yoga, inspired by a beautiful day on the beach. A man in printed board shorts is doing a yoga pose on the beach. A man in swim trunks poses in a yoga stance on the beach. A man posing on the beach by the water.	A man water-skiing.	contradiction
A man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera. A man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette. A man in a black shirt holds a large bushel of vegetables. A man in all black carries a vegetable.	Some men standing.	contradiction
A Philadelphia Phillie pitcher on the pitchers mound with his left leg up behind him. A baseball is recoiling from an action taken on a treated field watched by others. A baseball player on a playing field springs into action. A baseball player standing on the mound.	A soccer player is about to kick the ball.	contradiction
Two brown dogs with blue collars are running in the grass. One dog biting at another dog 's face in a grassy field. There are two brown dogs playing in field. Two dogs are playing in the grass.	Dogs fighting.	neutral
A man with sunglasses and a pink bag leads a young girl through a parking lot. A man in a black shirt holds the hand of a little girl in pigtails. A man in a black shirt with a pink bag holding a little girl hand A man and a little girl walk between a red truck and gray car.	Some men eating.	contradiction
Small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks. A girl in a pink dress playing with a toy drum set. A little girl in pink playing the drums. Young girl playing the drums.	A guitarist playing his instrument.	contradiction
Young women saying something into a microphone standing in from on a set of keyboards. A woman playing the keyboard and singing awash in a blue light. A woman is playing a keyboard while singing into a microphone. Singer performing on stage with acoustics	A man is singing.	contradiction
A woman is walking down the street with a broken umbrella and her shopping bag on her arm. A woman in a red coat is walking with a shopping bad and a large black umbrella. A woman with a red bag is hiding her face with an umbrella A woman hiding her face behind an umbrella	A woman with red-hair talks on her phone.	contradiction
A little boy is pointing his finger on a dish while a man holds the dish. An old man is talking to a boy and his parents are looking The little boy is enjoying the company of his parents. An Indian family fawning over a toddler.	A man watching in amusement.	neutral
A barefoot woman sits on a stone bench in front of stone architecture and green grass, protecting her skin from the sun with a blue umbrella. A person sits on a large concrete bench in front of a large brick building while holding a blue umbrella. A woman with an umbrella is sitting on a stone bench. Old Woman with blue umbrella sitting down.	A woman relaxes.	entailment
A man wearing glasses is reading his cellphone and holding a drink in the other hand. A man stares intently at his cellphone as he carries a green-colored drink. The young man is holding a drink and checking his cellphone. The man holds a drink and uses his cellphone.	A man dressed up.	neutral
A bald man in a black jacket and black pants holding a microphone singing with a man in a black shirt and jeans playing an electric guitar on stage. A man with no hair is singing. Two men at a concert singing. Two musicians are performing.	The performer sings.	entailment
A little Asian girl with blue pants and a floral dress on is standing on a brown rug and holding her teddy bear. A girl holds a teddy bear while wearing a floral outfit and pink shoes. Asian girl holding a teddy bear waiting in a lobby. A little girl packed and going somewhere.	African boys stand.	contradiction
A group of men are passing time sitting on the ledges of a building. The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another. Men sitting on the side of a brick road. Several men are sitting on a sidewalk.	Men relaxing.	entailment
A person with a shaved head, umbrella, and red robe is attempting to jaywalk in the rain. A man in monks robes looking down the street from his viewpoint on the sidewalk. A man is standing on a street in the rain, he is holding an umbrella. A man holding an umbrella stands on the side of a street.	A man waiting to cross a street.	entailment
A fire engine sits near a cloud of thick smoke with one fireman on top of the truck and another fireman walking towards the smoke. A man in a blue helmet is walking beside smoke and a red truck. Two firefighter are surrounded by smoke. Firefighters arrive at the scene.	A baby walking.	contradiction
A man is jumping into an inflatable tube in a large body of water that also has boats, a ramp and a person in it. A man jumps toward a floating device in a lake as another man watches. One man is jumping into the water, while the other is watching. A man trying to jump into a floaty in beautiful water.	Men standing.	contradiction
Three police officers two male one female standing around a girl holding something in her hands. A woman is talking with two policemen in yellow jackets at an outdoor event. Three police officers talking to a young woman at an outdoor music event. Several police officers in yellow circle around a young woman.	Women converse with each other.	contradiction
A man in a black jacket talking into a microphone. A man is smiling while standing behind a podium. An older gentleman speaking at a podium. A man is speaking at a podium.	Man giving speech.	entailment
A bride and someone from her wedding party, wearing a darker dress, are walking on the beach. A woman in a brown dress and a woman in a white dress walk on the beach. Two women in bridal dresses standing on a beach. A bride and a bridesmaid are on a beach.	A person holding a bouquet.	neutral
A girl with a guitar and a guy with an umbrella sitting in front of a gate on the sidewalk. A woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella. A man and a woman are chatting while sitting next to a black gate. A man and a woman sitting next to a black fence talking.	Guy listens.	neutral
A boy in a Renaissance Fair costume is standing by cars parked on grass. This is young man dressed in a yellow, black and red jacket A young boy with an interesting attire. Guy in elaborate costume.	Children studying.	contradiction
Two motorcycle racers are rounding a corner on the track at a sharp angle, close to the ground. Two motorcycle racers go around a sharp corner while leaning very close to the ground Two Moto GP racers are neck and neck going around a turn. Two people are competing in a motorcycle race.	A guy taking a turn on a bicycle.	contradiction
A young topless man carries a Brazilian flag whilst wearing a colorful bracelet on his arm and flowers around his neck The young man with the colorful flowered lei and colorful bracelets is holding a flag. A man without shirt but wearing a flower necklace is holding a flag pole A shirtless man wearing bracelets and a garland, carrying a pole.	Another man stands in the back.	neutral
A brown horse is in a weird pose while galloping outside. Rear end view of a galloping horse out in the field. A brown horse jumps through its paddock. A horse bucking wildly	An animal running.	entailment
Some people are sitting in a coffee shop that has a wall painted with different shapes and vivid colors. A man sits at a table with a colorful wall mural in the background. People are sitting at tables and on a couch in front of a mural. People are eating at tables in front of an art deco wall.	A man enjoying a drink.	neutral
Two men face each other in front of a small table, one of whom is wearing a hat while holding a chicken. Two men one in shorts and a button-up shirt, and the other in a blue collared shirt, talking. Two older males talking whilst one holds a chicken. Two men are talking while one is holding a chicken.	Asian men dancing.	contradiction
A girl wearing a blue shirt is reading music and playing a large string instrument outdoors. A girl sitting on a chair and playing the violin at the same time. Cellist in a blue polo shirt prepares to perform outdoors. A blond woman in blue clothes is playing a cello.	A woman skiing.	contradiction
A woman, dressed in a dark tutu, striped socks and heels, leaps in the air while holding a pink balloon. A ballerina on a city street with a dark gate in the background holding a balloon. A woman holding onto a balloon spread out as if in a ballerina pose. A dancer in a black costume leaps while holding a purple balloon.	A girl jumps.	contradiction
Two basketball players one in black and red and one in blue and white playing a game with the ref and crowd in the background. A basketball player wearing white dribbles the ball, while being guarded by another player in a black uniform. Two men playing in a basketball game against each other. A man in a black uniform attempts to block a man with in a white uniform that has the number " 5 " on it.	A referee is standing.	entailment
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera. Three dogs run through a manicured lawn. Three dogs running in a field of grass. Three dogs moving through grass.	Dogs running through a grassy area.	entailment
An African family are standing in front of some makeshift houses. A black mother and five children in a rural area Family standing in a small village. A family in the desert.	Woman holding a baby.	neutral
A woman is embracing a man holding the leash of a dog who is looking away from the couple. A man and a woman in an embrace with a multicolored dog sitting behind the man. A man and woman are kissing while the man holds the leash of a dog. With a dog at the end of a leash, a man kisses a woman.	A woman gives a man a hug.	entailment
This picture shows a blond-haired boy and brown-haired boy smiling while swinging on a tire swing. Two kids are swinging together on a tire swing. Two child share a swing in a playground. Two kids enjoy a tire swing.	A child skateboarding.	contradiction
Four men in the background look on as a man is trying to do some tricks on his bicycle. A biker reaches the apex of his ramp while onlookers watch his feat. One biker doing a stunt while onlookers watch in the far corner. One bicyclist does an awesome trick at a skate park.	A boy doing bike tricks.	entailment
A baby sleeping on pale blue bamboo-like mats, wearing a navy blue and green striped shirt and swaddled in a towel. A baby that is sleeping with his head on a blue shirt. A baby is asleep on a blanket. A child sleeping in peace.	A small child taking a nap.	entailment
Several people are crossing on an overhead walkway, while one man is sitting on a white bench in a park beneath the walkway. A businessman in a suit is talking on his cellphone while sitting on a white bench. A man wearing a suit is talking on a cellphone and sitting on a bench. A businessman sitting on a bench on his cellphone.	Two men talking on a sidewalk.	contradiction
A man in green on a green bike is in the air after jumping off a ramp. The man is performing a trick on a bicycle high in the air. A mountain biker in a green shirt is suspended in the air. A person is doing a bike trick in midair of a dirt jump.	A rider jumps.	entailment
A soccer player in a white shirt moves to run past a player from the opposite team. Number 3 has the soccer ball going around number 6 in a red jersey. The soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white. Three boys playing soccer.	Man trying to score.	entailment
A boy with a short haircut and a blue shirt gestures happily to someone out of frame. A boy in shorts kneeling on a tile courtyard, arms outstretched. A small boy is kneeling on a step with his hands in the air. A child kneels and raises his arms.	A little boy posing.	neutral
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area. A large white dog jumping up in the snow White dog playing in the snow. A dog is jumping in the snow.	A dog plays in a fenced yard.	entailment
A young man wears a helmet and protective clothing as he races his dirt bike through a muddy track. A man riding a dirt bike takes a turn on a large dirt covered course. A man on a dirt bike on a muddy course goes by in a blur. A speeding motorbike with the tail end blurred.	A man drives.	entailment
Lady wearing a straw hat and flip-flops watches the tossed object fly through the air. A man is throwing a water balloon at someone during a party. A man tosses something into the air while others look on. A Man in a yellow hat is throwing a water balloon.	A group playing some sort of game.	entailment
Baseball player in white and black uniform is attempting to catch a baseball. Professional baseball player throws a baseball during a game. A baseball player attempting to make a catch in the outfield. Baseball player running to catch ball.	A man trying to catch a baseball.	entailment
A young girl wearing a pink hat holding a camera up to her face. A little girl in a pink hat holds a camera to her face. Young girl in pink hat taking pictures. A girl holding a camera.	Children pose for a photograph.	contradiction
A man wearing a black shirt and navy blue sweats stands on pavement with his hands on his hips smoking a cigarette. Carnival worked , wearing blue sweatpants and a black tank top smeared with chalk stands outside his tent. A middle-aged man taking a rest after his trapeze act in the circus. An athletic man is smoking a cigarette while on break from work.	A man giving a look.	neutral
Four male members of a band wear all white outfits that include white skirts over white pants. Men dressed in tutus perform a musical act on stage. An all-male band performing in tutus A group of four guys wearing tutu	Man plays a guitar on stage.	neutral
A group of men and women sit at a restaurant table with beer and food. A group of people sit at a table that has food and drinks on it. A group of people both men and woman are talking at a table. A group of young people eating at a restaurant.	Friends drinking.	entailment
A woman in a black shirt and a bottle of beer standing in between two men with beer bottles wearing white shirts and black ties. Two men wearing black vests and white shirts and a girl are holding bottles of beer. Two men in tuxedos and a girl in a black formal dress share drinks together. Two men and a woman drinking beers together.	Guys posing for the camera.	neutral
The woman is sitting on a short concrete wall next to a scooter. A woman sits on the curb next to a scooter talking to a man. A lady sitting down and someone with black shorts and shoes A lady with a scooter sits on the side of the sidewalk.	A lady rests.	entailment
A young boy standing at the front of a group of children is wearing a green shirt and holding his hands on his head. A group of children listening to a teacher read a story in the library. A child in a green shirt is in a crowded classroom. Children at a library in group waiting.	Children sitting.	entailment
People sitting down mending fishing nets alongside a river on a cloudy day. People sitting down in a shipyard with boats tied down in the background. Employees are trying to fix the tangled nets for the fishing boat. A few men resting on a boat docking area.	A group of men relaxing.	entailment
Lady in a pink shirt a blue jeans, holding a little girl, dressed in pink, posing next to an alpaca A woman in pink is posing with a small girl and a farm animal overlooking a grassy scenic hilltop. A woman and a little girl pose for a picture with a llama atop a hillside. Woman and child on hillside feeding a lama.	Lady sitting.	contradiction
A woman and a young girl smiling for the camera, in front of some flowers. A woman poses with a small girl on her lap in front of a flower bush. A woman and a young girl pose and smile for a photo. A woman and girl pose together in a garden.	A woman sitting with a child.	entailment
People relax in a food and drink establishment while viewing something off-camera. A guy in a red shirt sits at a table in front a Guinness beer list. People watching a soccer game at the local watering hole. People are in a bar looking to order something.	A group sitting at a restaurant.	entailment
A smiling woman wearing a black sweater leans on a man wearing a jacket and a tie. A couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man. A man and woman are locked arms sitting down and all dressed up. A couple smiling while sitting.	A woman bending over.	contradiction
People outside the GAP store on a brick walkway while one man in jeans takes a picture. A crowd of people is looking at something outside of a Gap store. A small group of people in front of a Gap store taking pictures. A group of people taking pictures.	Performers standing.	contradiction
An elderly man with a long beard and hair and red dot on his head with white symbols. An older man with dreadlocks has white and red paint covering his forehead. A bearded man with dreadlocks in an orange shirt has tribal face paint. Appears to be an elderly Indian with his markings on his face.	A man snowboarding.	contradiction
Person wearing a black hat lets a cat sit on their shoulder. A man with a hat has a cat on his shoulder. A cat lays on an old woman 's shoulder. A man in a white hood holding a cat.	A man standing.	neutral
Two men in basement of house drinking bottled water one man wearing tool belt. A man with a tool belt talks to another man in a basement. Two working men take a water break. Two men talk in the garage.	Men stand in a workshop.	entailment
There are three women in a yellow painted room, sitting at a table, having fun playing a card game. Three women, smoking cigarettes and playing cards, drinking at a bar. Three girls, at a table, playing a card game. Three girls have fun while playing a card game.	A group sitting.	entailment
One black man, outside, painting blue letters on a white wall that is part of a building. A picture of an African man painting. Man painting on the street. Black man painting a sign.	A woman painting a mural on the wall.	contradiction
A male guitarist with close-cropped hair is concentrating on playing a tune on a six-string, electric guitar, standing in a spotlight on stage with band members in shadow behind him. A man in a purple shirt plays a left handed Gibson Les Paul on stage. A guitarist is performing music on stage. A man playing guitar in a purple shirt.	Man plays an instrument at a concert.	entailment
A man in a black suit with tie and corsage smiles at a girl who smiles back, both are sitting at a table at a semi formal event such as a wedding or reunion. Man in a black suit smiles at a female in a black sleeveless dress at a formal event. A man in a suit talks to a woman in a black dress. A young woman is flirting with her handsome date.	Some men jumping up.	contradiction
Men, woman and children gathering around with shovels picking up rocks. A bunch of adults and children are working together on construction. A group of children and adults are cleaning up some debris. A group of people are shoveling material.	A woman drawing.	contradiction
A little sitting down on a chair in front of a table wearing goggles and playing with some cylinders. The little boy with the brown hair and big glasses is in his kitchen trying his luck at science. Young boy performing science experiments at his kitchen table in the winter time. A curious boy doing science experiments.	A child working on a project.	entailment
Blond child with dirty face holding yellow bottle with red cap, plants in background. A boy in a blue shirt with dirt on his face The boy has blond hair and a dirty face. A boy with a dirty face smiles.	Man looking at the camera.	contradiction
A young woman wearing skinny jeans and carrying a purse and some other bags is crossing the street amidst some tall buildings. A woman crossing the street in blue jeans and a short-sleeve shirt. A lady crosses a city street under a rainbow. A woman crossing the street.	A lady meditating.	contradiction
Large seated group of people with a sign in the photo that says " Gladstone School " Community gathers outdoors together and wear bunny ears. A group of parents are sitting at an outdoor assembly. A group of people gathered at a school.	A group skateboarding.	contradiction
A bride and groom stand surrounded by many others outside of a building; the groom is holding balloons. A man in a tuxedo and a woman in a bride 's gown are leaving a church. Happy couple leaving the church just after being married. A couple just got married.	A cat stands.	contradiction
A white dog and a black dog holding a toy between them in their mouths. A black dog and a white dog are outside playing with a pull toy. A black and a white dog play with a rope toy in a backyard A black dog and a yellow dog play with a toy.	A dog climbing.	contradiction
A person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background. An Asian girl in a tracksuit is doing a karate kick while people stand in the background and watch. A martial arts class takes place in Ourense, Spain. Girl kicking high in uniform	A woman performing.	entailment
A person is standing at the top of a large, rolling sand dune. A person is standing in the middle of the desert looks tiny. A lone person walking along the crest of a large sand dune. A person is walking over a very large sand dune.	Men pass each other.	contradiction
A snowboarder in focus in mid-jump with blurred mountain background. A young snowboarder catches some air on his black snowboard. A snowboarder in a blue hat catches some air. A snowboarder flying off a jump.	A boy flying.	neutral
A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course. A man jumps high in the air above a wooden ramp with a bicycle. A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp. A biker does a trick on a ramp.	A bike rider jumping.	entailment
A man sleeps on a bus stop bench next to a sign of the A team movie. A man is sleeping on bench next to an advertisement for A-team. A man in a suit reclines on a bench in a bus stop enclosure. A man sleeping on a bench.	Man relaxing.	entailment
A young girl in a striped shirt and blue pants falls onto a trampoline while onlookers watch. A little white girl is bouncing on a trampoline indoor while others are watching. Little girl in a gym bouncing on a trampoline. A little girl playing on a trampoline.	A child jumping.	entailment
A gut wearing a plaid shirt with a mustache selling fish at a market. Fisherman with his daily catch on display, his product is fresh. A man displaying different varieties of fish in an older building A man with a mustache sells various types of whole fish.	A man sits on a green bench.	contradiction
Many friendly riders in a bus enjoying each others company. A group of people are riding public transportation. A group of people on a bus or a train car. A group of people are sitting on a bus.	A man staring out.	neutral
A skinny shirtless man wearing sunglasses, a tiger scarf around his neck and a black belt and jeans is hammering on a metal rod. A shirtless man wearing a black hat and a scarf works on an anvil. A shirtless man in a hat and tie is hammering metal on an anvil. A shirtless man working with iron.	A man using a tool.	entailment
Two women, who are very athletic, are playing beach volleyball. Two female volleyball players mid-action in the sand. Two volleyball players compete in a sand tournament Two women are playing beach volleyball.	Children playing with a ball on a beach.	contradiction
Brown dog barks at another brown dog with a stuffed duck in mouth. Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth. Two Weimaraner dogs in red collars are playing with a toy bird Two brown dogs play.	Dogs competing.	contradiction
A band on stage playing a cello and guitars while singing into microphones. Four men are on stage performing music. A band playing music together. A 4 member band performing.	Sailor standing.	contradiction
Small child plays with a swing on a playground with a backdrop of a dirt field with a number of construction workers. Young child plays on a swing set as construction workers dig in the background. A child playing on a swing set with construction workers in the background. A child in a playground playing with the swing.	Some children running.	entailment
A man in a gray and white striped hood points a camera at a blond woman in a striped bikini. A warmly dressed male photographer is taking pictures of a cold bikini model at the beach. The man with the camera is taking a picture of a lady in a bikini. Girl dancing on the beach.	Two artists taking pictures.	contradiction
A woman in a bride 's dress is inspecting a bouquet. A bride looking at a bouquet of flowers. A woman in a beautiful wedding dress. A bride admires her bouquet.	A bride sitting.	entailment
A couple taking a picture together smiling with sunglasses appropriate for the very sunny weather captured by the photographer. A man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera. A man and woman pose together in front of a body of water. A man leaning on his partner, there is a river backdrop.	Individuals smile.	entailment
An operating room where doctors are working under a bright light. People dressed as doctors are in an operating room setting. A patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses. Large light fixture in busy operating room.	Doctors performing a surgery.	entailment
The little boy has a yellow crown and the man is wearing red velvet. A father and son looking at a funny looking Santa. The child is looking at Santa Claus. A child staring at Santa.	Some children do backbends.	contradiction
A motorcyclist is turning a sharp corner on his red motorbike and is scraping it on the road. A motorcycle racer is producing sparks by leaning during a turn. The motorcycle rider makes sparks as he leans in for a turn. A motorcyclist making a sharp turn.	A man knitting.	contradiction
A person in a large field plays with a model airplane. A man is playing with a model airplane in a field. A boy playing with an airplane in a field. A man prepares to fly his toy airplane.	A man has a rope.	contradiction
Four people in various stage of sledding on a snowy hill, while a dog playfully chases one of them. A group of people go sledding on a snowy hill and a dog chases one as he slides. Four people and a dog play in the snow. A few sledders are chased by a dog.	Child playing outdoors.	contradiction
A gathering of people watching other people playing some instruments. A band plays in the middle of a town as a crowd gathers to watch. A group of musicians is playing for a large crowd on the street. A band playing at an event in a park.	Group watching a musical performance.	entailment
A large group of teenagers are seated indoors in yellow seats. A group of people are sitting in a large room. A big group of people sitting in the dark. An audience sits in chairs.	A large group watching something.	entailment
On a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride A man wearing a white shirt and blue shorts is leaning over a canoe at the end of a dock. A woman preparing her kayak for pleasant row across a beautiful day on the lake. A couple guys entering rowboats on a dock.	A man drawing.	contradiction
A guy in a black hoodie standing in front of a Factory sign talks into a microphone. Man with sunglasses singing with his band. A band dressed in black performs. A band is performing on stage.	American Indian playing instruments.	neutral
An alternatively dressed woman stands on a small wooden platform with an accordion and watches another creatively dressed woman play the violin with various other people on the street behind them. Two female musicians dressed in unusual clothes, one a fiddler and one an accordionist, are playing for people outside. Two women in hats are standing in front of onlookers, one is playing a violin and the other is playing an accordion. Two people playing accordion and violin for audience.	Two performers play instruments.	entailment
A man in snow clothes and a red helmet is on top of a mountain with other mountains in the background. A man wearing a huge backpack and blue jacket with many distant mountains in the background A hiker on a snow-covered mountain overlooking a valley. A smiling hiker poses on top of a snow-covered mountain	A man stands.	entailment
Five children and two adults standing side by side looking at animals in a cage. Several children lined up at and looking through a fence. A group of kids look out of a fence. Children look through a fence.	A child has a snack.	neutral
A man and woman, she 's dressed all in white, he has a white shirt, holding hands while walking A man in a white shirt is walking hand in hand with a woman also wearing white. A man is walking down a sidewalk holding his girlfriend 's hand. A man holding a woman 's hand and walking with her.	Man walks with a group.	contradiction
A woman in a wedding dress and a man in a suit are walking with arms linked. A bride holding a rose bouquet is being escorted by a man in a gray suit. A groom and bride make their way down the aisle as man and wife. A couple walking down the aisle after getting married.	Partners sitting.	contradiction
A little dog sits in the snow next to his green toy. A brown dog with a green ball sit in the snow. Dog in snow, with ice on fur and yellow ball. A dog sits in the snow with a tennis ball.	A dog runs in a yard.	contradiction
A man standing in front of a shop that is closed wearing a bag and eating a yellow Popsicle talking on his cellphone. A man in a gray shirt stands outside of a storefront while eating a snack and listening to his cellphone. Man in a gray shirt and black pants standing in front of a storefront. A man in a gray shirt is talking on a cellphone and eating.	Men applauding.	contradiction
A man in a green shirt, shorts and sandals plays an electric guitar for a curious toddler. A young child is watching a man play an electric guitar. A black man plays the electric bass while a child watches A small boy is watching a musician play guitar.	A man standing and looking down.	neutral
A rugby player has emerged from the pack with the ball in his hands. Rugby player in red gets ready to toss the ball. Ruggers are competing in a fierce game of rugby Men playing a game in red uniforms	A man giving a man a ride.	contradiction
A man is bent over examining something while two ladies in beige hats are watching. A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. A man and children setting up a stand to sell jewelery. A group of people with jewelry for sale.	A man cooking.	contradiction
Three People shopping in an isle in a foreign grocery store. Man pushing shopping cart in a grocery store and shopping. An old man shops in a foreign grocery store. Three people are shopping in a market.	A man is airborne.	contradiction
A little girl standing next to a small hay bail is outside holding an ear of corn and looking at it. A little girl wearing green pants holding something while standing next to a mini hay bale. A little girl is standing outside on a blanket. A little girl is playing near a hay bale.	A boy jumps.	contradiction
A small crowd of people has set up its chairs and begun to relax and enjoy the parade. A group of friends relaxing and enjoying a nice sunny day in the park. The family is relaxing in lawn chairs and having beverages. People are sitting in lawn chair in front of a playground.	A group talking to each other.	neutral
A little boy in taxi-cab checkered pants and a brown shirt is mixing red paint in a black container. A young boy in checkered pants places a red shirt in a black tub. A young boy in a gown mixing paint with odd colored pants. A young boy reaching for something in a black plastic bin.	A child learning.	neutral
Three people, two dragging luggage and one carrying a backpack, are walking along a walkway that is well lit. A man and woman pull their wheeled luggage down a street toward a classic looking building. Two women are pulling suitcases along a wide sidewalk. Three people walking with luggage.	A couple walks down a path.	entailment
A man wearing an orange shirt and helmet is suspended in the air. A construction worker with an orange hat on a pulley. A man with construction hat on attached to harness. A construction worker looks down at his work site.	A man sitting.	contradiction
A band is playing and one of the members is speaking to the audience. The men are playing instruments and pointing at the audience. A band is performing on a stage. A band is playing in a concert.	A crowd seen from above.	neutral
Two black men standing near table with planks of wood and examining something. Two black men smiling and working on a piece of wood with a hammer. Two men trying to build something together, while having fun. Two men are building something together.	Men woodworking.	entailment
As photographers, onlookers, and referee observe, two men in fighting gloves and headgear are shown in stop motion photography mid fight and in midair. Two men are wrestling and are in midair, while the referee and spectators observe. Two men wresting on a mat in front of a crowd and an officiator. Two men wrestling.	Two men climbing a ladder.	contradiction
Two children are walking towards a house with a red van parked outside. Two children in the grass in front of a house. Two kids play in the grass near a red car. Two children play outside in the yard.	Men standing both.	contradiction
A girl in a green dress and pink jacket is running down a dusty path in a grassy park. A little girl holding flowers is walking away down a path on a sunny day. A girl wearing a pink sweater and green dress in walking down a path. A little girl is walking along a path.	Children gathered.	contradiction
The man is standing on the white wall in front of the building. A man on rollerblades grinds a wall. A boy skateboards on a cement wall. A man doing a trick on skateboard	A man talking.	contradiction
Two people are walking in opposite directions in front of the same store that says there is a 50 % sale. People are walking, sitting, and standing outside of a department store. People walk in front of a store that is having a 50 % SALE. Man and women walk in front of store with 50 % off sale.	Pedestrian walking on a street.	entailment
While standing on a stone stairway, a woman reaches towards the pink blossoms on a nearby tree. A young woman in a pink shirt standing on stairs smiles at the beautiful pink flowers. A woman wearing pink picking flowers on a staircase. A girl is examining a blossom.	A woman takes a break.	neutral
Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background, by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel. A man leads a caravan of six camels and their riders up a sandy hill, with rocky mountains in the background. Working together, these men move camels through a mountain pass. Several persons on the backs of camels traversing a hill.	A group follows a man.	entailment
A woman in a brightly colored top sitting on the floor using an Apple brand laptop. A woman is sitting down looking at her apple laptop. A female student does research on her apple laptop. This is called stylish technology.	A woman working on an Apple computer.	entailment
A man with a red helmet in doing a trick on a gray motorcycle. A person on a motorcycle popping a wheelie in a parking lot. Person doing a trick wheelie on a motorcycle. A motorcyclist pops a wheelie.	A guy riding a motorbike.	entailment
A woman wearing a scarf and gloves and with her face painted walks past. A blond girl with orange and blue streaks on her face in a crowd. A female soccer fan on the street with other soccer fans around. A young blond girl with a red and blue mark on her cheek.	A large group standing.	entailment
Two men on a yellow and green mat are competing in a sporting event where they have to fight and people are watching. Two men spar against each other in a martial arts match with one man wearing blue and the other, white. Two men, one in a blue uniform and one in a white uniform, wrestling on a light blue mat. Two men wrestling at a match while onlookers watch intently.	Men performing wrestling moves.	entailment
Woman with a light blue umbrella and luggage sitting on the stone ground while people walk past. An Asian woman is sitting in a plaza with her luggage and holding a pale blue umbrella. A woman wearing a tank top is holding a blue umbrella and kneeling next to luggage. A woman is holding a teal umbrella while sitting down.	A lady waiting.	entailment
Two young ladies with red hair are sitting on a bench and talking to a third young lady with black hair. Three women are sitting on a bench and talking. Three Asian girls sitting on a bench. Three Asian girls sitting on bench	Women mingling.	entailment
Children are listening to a man doing a demonstration in their classroom. A male teacher is instructing his class of young children. Asian school children listen to their teacher talking. A man is teaching a classroom full of young students.	Boys sitting at a desk in a classroom.	entailment
The two men are playing chess in the park. A young boy and a playing chess outside. Two males are staring at a chessboard. Chess games between a group of men.	A thin man stands.	contradiction
The man in the blue pants is doing a trick with his skateboard. A shirtless male is riding a skateboard, performing a trick. A shirtless man in jeans skateboards near a concrete wall. A shirtless man, wearing jeans and riding a skateboard.	Man jogging while talking.	contradiction
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans standing on a scaffold outside a building. A man stands on scaffolding and leans in toward a stone building. A worker stands on a scaffolding to repair a brick building. A man in dirty jeans on top of a scaffolding.	A man doing work.	entailment
A gentleman is taking a rest in a child 's playhouse. A shirtless man is lying in a colorful tent. A man is laying in a small multicolor tent. A white man is lying down in a small tent.	A man relaxing on a beach.	neutral
A crowded stadium is full of people watching an event. A crowd of people fill up a packed stadium. A stadium full of people watch a game. A crowd sitting in an indoor stadium.	A group gathered.	entailment
A woman in brown boots enjoying the activities. Many people are at an outdoor event. A country crowd at a festival. People mingle at a carnival.	A woman holding a tray.	contradiction
A view from a hidden camera at a low height shows a man and a woman standing under an umbrella mounted on the back of a three wheeled bicycle with a cart on the back. Two men in coats are talking under an umbrella. A cart with an umbrella sits between two men. A person is talking to a newspaper salesman.	A man poses next to a man.	neutral
A group of people wearing blue shirts are standing in front of some buildings. Children at maybe, at their School, or maybe, a Field trip. Students in matching uniforms in a city stand in groups. Chinese students dressed in blue shirts on a field trip.	A girl talking on a field trip.	entailment
A crowd of people watching a tightly packed parade move down a modern city street. A crowd of people filling the streets as during a festival. A massive crown await in the middle of the city. A crowd of people in a city neighborhood.	A group jogging.	contradiction
Several people in white shirts and ties are looking out of a window, in front of which there is a stack of chairs. Several figures in dress shirts and ties stare out the window of a brick building. A group of people are staring out of a window. A group dressed in white stares out a window.	A group dressed up.	entailment
Two young girls are wading in the ocean wearing shorts and sweat shirts. Two girls playing at the beach one in pink and the other in black. A boy and girl are splashing around in the ocean. Two girls are at the beach playing in the ocean.	Children walking.	neutral
A woman, dressed in black pants and white shirt, is carrying a white bag and is walking with a crowd of people. People walk down a busy city street on a sunny day. A crowd of people walking along a busy street. People walk down a busy street.	Pedestrians walking.	entailment
A small blond boy dressed in shorts and a blue shirt playing on a jungle gym. A little boy in a blue shirt and khaki shorts is playing on a playground. A boy is playing in a jungle gym on a playground A boy hanging from a jungle gym	A child swinging a bat.	contradiction
Two people are standing in front of a table of food. Two men working at an outside grill, cooking meat. Two men are working seriously in a fish store. Two Asian men are working with food.	A man standing beside a woman.	contradiction
Two men in pink jerseys, two men in white jerseys, and one man in a black jersey and black helmet, are playing field hockey. Two teams, one in pink and one in white, play lacrosse on a field. Five men are playing lacrosse on a field. Five men playing an interesting sport.	A man jumps.	neutral
A man on a red motorcycle drives through traffic on a busy street. A man wearing a black leather jacket is riding a red motorcycle. A man wearing a helmet rides a bright red motorcycle in traffic. A man on a red motorcycle.	A man sitting on a motorbike.	entailment
Odd looking men dressed in white suits and blue hats standing in formation in the street. Men in white uniforms with blue sashes and caps are standing in formation on a street. A group of people in white uniforms doing a show in the middle of the street. Men in white suits stand in the road and along the side of the road.	A crowd sitting.	contradiction
A blond woman pours wine for people while they watch TV. Some men and women drink wine while watching television. Several people are sitting at a table drinking wine. A woman pours wine and watches TV.	A group sits around a table.	entailment
Before a couple orders their food in a restaurant, they decide to clown around for the other couple sitting with them. A woman, with clenched teeth, is holding her fork like she is going to stab the man sitting at her table with her. A woman and man are getting silly while sitting at the dining room table. A woman holds a fork to a man 's throat sitting at a table with her.	A woman and man posing for a picture.	neutral
A man wearing all black plays a coffee-burst bass guitar with a band. A man dressed in black with a long beard is playing bass guitar. A band playing some music for some people. A band performing for an audience.	Two men playing instruments on stage.	neutral
Friends enjoying a celebration and learn how to knit. A group of friends working on a quilt. Man in a sweater learning to knit. A group of people are knitting.	Two men laughing.	neutral
A young girl in a short-sleeve brown shirt with a name tag on it, has her arm around another young girl in a quarter length brown shirt and jeans. A woman with a black shirt has her arm across another woman 's shoulder. Many people with name tags are gathered in a room. Women wearing name tags and talking closely.	Two women embrace.	neutral
One person is standing beside a tree with the sun shining through the leaves. A man is looking in a row of windows outside by a trash dumpster. A guy standing looking into the windows of a nearby building. A man enjoys a cold beer and a cigarette in an empty lot.	A man stares at the sky.	contradiction
Two young boys on a blanket on the ground in front of their house. A woman with a baby on her lap sitting outside on a blanket. Mother and child wearing blue shirts playing outside. A mother sits on a blanket with a child.	A man sitting.	contradiction
Two bikers a riding along a street in a marathon as the passersby clap for them. Two men in colorful uniforms bike past a crowd of people. Two men are peddling their bicycles down the street. Two men race bicycles on the street.	A group rehearsing.	contradiction
A blond singer wearing a black shirt is singing into the microphone. A woman singing into a microphone. A blond woman is singing on stage. Blond woman singing on stage.	A vocalist performing on stage.	entailment
A group of children taking a group shot with a clear blue sky behind them. A group of nine dark-haired children are standing in a field. Boys and girls from an Eastern nation smiling in a field. Group of young children posing for a picture in a field.	Children hold up peace signs.	contradiction
A young boy becomes airborne in a family room setting while a woman rests behind him. A little boy with brown hair jumped off of a brown chair onto the floor. A young boy jumping off a chair A boy jumping off a chair.	A woman sleeps on a couch.	contradiction
A man is holding a utensil and is getting ready to dig into a plate filled with food. A man has a serving spoon in his hand and is looking at a large dish of food. A man is holding a big spoon and looking at a very large platter of food. A young man dishing up food from a large pan.	A man eats.	entailment
A bass player girl, who is performing at a concert one of the bands songs. Blond white girl with dreads rocks out on bass guitar. A young woman playing the guitar. A woman plays her guitar.	Ladies having a conversation.	contradiction
A small brass band performs on stage for a large audience with a department flag on one side of the stage and an America flag on the other side. A school band performing in front of a crowded park surrounded by trees. The orchestra plays for the crowd beneath the lush greenery. A group of musicians play outside in front of a large crowd.	Men sitting playing instruments.	entailment
A woman is looking down and wearing a white hair piece that looks like a wedding veil. A young woman is wearing a bridal veil outside a church. Bride with a white veil looking down. A young bride purses her lips.	A skier stands.	contradiction
Two young blond girls in white dress with flowers looking at horses pulling a white carriage on a brick road. Regal horse and white carriage scene with female driver and two blond little flower girls dressed in white. Two little girls wearing white dresses are standing next to a white carriage attached to two horses. Two young flower girls stand hand-in-hand by a white carriage pulled by two black horses.	Two children fishing.	contradiction
The back of someones head with a ponytail with two females engaged in picture taking behind them. A woman holding a green bad taking a picture of another woman on a bridge. A woman is taking a picture of another woman by the Brooklyn Bridge. A woman with a green bag is taking a picture.	A girl poses for a photo.	entailment
People relax in a food and drink establishment while viewing something off-camera. A guy in a red shirt sits at a table in front a Guinness beer list. People watching a soccer game at the local watering hole. People are in a bar looking to order something.	A customer sitting.	entailment
Man falling off of a bucking bull, at a rodeo, in front of spectators. A cowboy is bucked off a steer while other men watch from the stands. People at a rodeo are watching a cowboy getting thrown from the bull. A man is about to fall onto the ground while he rodeos.	Men sit with an animal.	contradiction
A man holds a drink, and another man drinks from a glass, while they both make silly faces. Two men in a bar making funny faces while holding a drink with their right hand. Two guys acting goofy while they drink beer and pose for a camera. Two men make humorous faces with drinking.	A gentleman sings.	neutral
A dark-haired young man in a blue shirt, green scarf, and glasses makes a plate on a pottery wheel. A man in a light blue shirt with a yellow and black scarf is making a clay plate. A man wearing a green scarf is using a pottery wheel. A man is sitting down making some pottery.	A man sculpting.	entailment
Young male in a hoodie is doing a skateboard stunt on a flight of stairs. A skateboarder is attempting to jump down a set of concrete stairs. A skater is jumping down a huge staircase on his board. A skater is jumping down the stairs on his skateboard.	A man doing a trick.	entailment
A person hikes across a grass and snow covered plain A man walking up a mountain with snow on the surface Person walking across a snow covered mountain. A hiker climbs a mountain on a windy day.	A man carries a backpack.	entailment
A man surrounded by a group of people is looking at the moon through a telescope. A man wearing a plaid shirt uses a telescope to view the night sky. A man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens. A man looks at the night sky through a telescope.	A man watching another man do something.	contradiction
A brown dog swimming for a stick in the water. A brown dog is swimming in the water. A dog swims in the water. A dog swims toward a stick	A dog paddling.	entailment
Man in straight jacket trying to get loose, standing in front of child with Jenga blocks. Person escapes straitjacket and chains while a child looks on. Man escaping a straitjacket while many people watch. A group gathers to watch a street performer.	Children playing on the floor.	contradiction
A woman, wearing a blue dress that reveals her abdomen, is holding a sledgehammer in the forest. A woman in a cutaway blue dress is standing in the forest, holding a large sledgehammer. A brunette woman in a blue satin costume holds a sledgehammer in the middle of the woods. Lone woman in blue dress holding an ax in the peaceful forest.	A lady posing.	entailment
The blond man looks at the camera while another man looks into his eyes. Two men with sunglasses on their heads facing each other in a crowd. Two men dressed in blue face each other. A blond man looks at the camera.	Men talking.	neutral
Two men, both wearing khaki shirts, striped ties, navy bottoms, and hats, are on a grassy countryside, one carrying a guitar and the other carrying a briefcase. A green pastoral setting has two men standing with luggage in their hands and wearing scout uniforms. Two men carrying luggage are standing in the middle of field of green grass. Two men stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background.	A small boy carrying a ball.	contradiction
A young man in a blue shirt holding a device to his mouth and making a party gesture. A man wearing a purple t-shirt is blowing a whistle. Guy in purple blowing whistle and making hand sign. People are protesting with whistles and megaphones.	A man sitting in front of a crowd.	neutral
A crowd of pedestrians are seen in a fish-eye lens photo while walking on the sidewalk with various vehicles, mostly buses, are seen on the street. A group of people walking up the sidewalk wear a green wall and traffic going by. Evening commuters walk past buses lining a city street. People walking down a busy city street.	A team walking.	neutral
A man playing the bagpipes in traditional garb plays while walking down a wet stone street. An old man dressed in black with white stockings is holding a bagpipe. A gentleman is walking along playing the bagpipes. A man in traditional attire plays the bagpipes.	A man displaying pictures.	contradiction
A man in snow clothes and a red helmet is on top of a mountain with other mountains in the background. A man wearing a huge backpack and blue jacket with many distant mountains in the background A hiker on a snow-covered mountain overlooking a valley. A man carrying a backpack stands on a snowy area.	A woman poses.	contradiction
A soccer player kicks a ball into the unmanned goal. View of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net A soccer player prepares to kick the ball. A soccer player kicking a goal in	A man helping an older man.	contradiction
A young man on an indoor stage stands before a microphone while holding a guitar. A guitarist on a stage holding his guitar and saying something to the audience. A young man with a guitar is standing in front of a microphone. A man is holding a guitar and speaking into a stand microphone	Two men playing a guitar and another instrument.	entailment
The hockey players, in blue, are waiting for their best chance to get the puck from the opposing hockey team. Four hockey players all charge for the loose puck that lays unguarded on the ice. Many people are playing tie game. A group of men play hockey.	Men standing together.	contradiction
A group of women in orange swimsuits stand in a group, talking to each other. A group of women are all wearing orange bikini tops and orange sarong skirts. A group of young women in orange hula outfits stand around. A group of women in orange bathing suits and sarongs.	A woman weaving.	contradiction
A small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach. A little boy wearing a yellow tank top is laughing. Boy in yellow tank top laughing on a beach. A young Asian boy running on the sand	A boy surfs.	contradiction
People are playing water polo and the ball is close to the goalie. Water polo goalie readies himself for an incoming shot. Three people are playing water volleyball in a pool People playing " angry birds " in the pool.	People watching a man.	neutral
An artist wearing a red and black sweater painting a mural on the side of a brick building. A guy, dressed nicely, is painting a mural on a wall, with a ladder sitting beside him. Man in a red and black striped shirt painting a picture on a fence. A man is painting graffiti on a building.	A man drawing.	entailment
A woman in a black dress and fluffy earmuffs walking down the street. A woman walks down the street with a pink purse and earmuffs. A woman holding a pink purse is wearing fluffy earmuffs. Female wearing white earmuffs walking on a paved road.	A woman carrying a bag walks.	entailment
Several young people, two on a bike, are walking near parked vehicles. Three women walk down a city street, as seen from above. Five young people on the street, two sharing a bicycle. Three young women walking down a sidewalk looking up	Girls carrying bags walking down a street.	contradiction
A dog carries a stick through the woods. A dog jumping over a stick in the yard. A dog jumps over a stick in a forest. A dirty dogs runs through the woods.	A dog running across a bridge.	contradiction
Woman in black sports bra and shorts standing on an rocky elevation. A woman walks across a large rock. A woman nears a cliff 's edge. Woman walking on the rocks.	Some women sitting.	contradiction
This is a male juggler tossing three flaming batons at night near a yellow car and in front a picket fence. A man juggles flaming objects with a fence and a car in the background. A man in a sleeveless shirt juggling three flaming torches. A man in a sleeveless shirt is juggling burning objects.	A man chiseling.	contradiction
A small girl with brown hair walks away from a blue body of water while wearing a frilly yellow dress and an orange bonnet. A little girl in a yellow dress walking by the water. Young girl walking in a bright yellow sundress. The girl in the yellow dress looks so cute.	Several groups walking.	contradiction
A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players, a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on a stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band. A young man in a white T-shirt dances to the sounds of four men playing brass instruments on a stage. A man is dancing before a band of musicians. A man is dancing in front of a band.	A performer plays a flute.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt, black jacket, and glasses smiling with his arms crossed. A man wearing glasses, a blue shirt with a black jacket and a smile A smiling man wearing glasses and a leather jacket. A man in a leather coat and glasses smiles.	A man grins.	entailment
An official in a white shirt riding a black and white motorcycle. An older man in a white shirt riding a motorcycle. An older gentleman riding a motorcycle. A policeman is riding a motorcycle.	A biker sits.	entailment
Two women in bikinis are enjoying the ocean. A woman in a green bikini is in the water. Two women are swimming in the ocean. Two women in bikinis swimming.	A blond woman points.	neutral
A hockey player scores a goal with two opposing players skating nearby and the goalie in the goal. The goalie of an ice hockey team is being scored on as several members of his team watch. A hockey player in a blue shirt scoring a goal against a team in white shirts. People playing ice hockey and trying to get a goal.	The goalie misses the puck.	entailment
Many people walk down a street lined with shops, as banners of a woman 's face fly overhead. People walking down a pub-laden street surrounded by billboards. People walk up and down a sidewalk downtown in front a pub. People walk between shops and under advertising signs.	A crowd walking along a street.	entailment
A person hangs of the vertical side of gigantic rocks in a wooded area. A large rock formation in the middle of a forest. A guy is hanging on a big rock in the woods. A man hangs from the edge of a rock.	A woman posing.	contradiction
Two teenage boys in black swim trunks play on a trampoline. Two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline. Young laughing boys on a wet vinyl mat. Two boys are playing on a trampoline.	Girls sit on a street.	contradiction
Local market where ladies are sitting at tables with food items that are sold in jars. Vendors sit at a street market with jars of goods that are red and green. A street market crowded with customers, vendors, and their wares. People setting up to sell on the street their food.	Crowds gather.	entailment
Two men are playing their guitars and singing on stage. A bassist and a guitarist are performing at a concert. Two men playing guitars are singing at a concert. Two men in a band play guitar and sing on stage.	A man with a beard holding an instrument.	neutral
A young man in a blue checkered dress shirt sits with a young woman in a black and white striped shirt and another young woman in a white shirt as they sit on each of his legs in a park. Young man sitting on fencing in front of beautiful flowers garden holding two young ladies on his knees. Two Asian ladies sitting on a man 's lap outside in a garden. Two teenage girls sit on a man 's lap in a public park.	Two girls smiling.	entailment
A young girl with red hair and glasses balances on one foot while another girl in a greed hoodie watches. Two girls wearing sweatshirts and jeans trying to put up a tent Two girls building something and smiling. Young Christians having fun in the woods.	A child standing.	contradiction
A young boy standing at the front of a group of children is wearing a green shirt and holding his hands on his head. A group of children listening to a teacher read a story in the library. A child in a green shirt is in a crowded classroom. Children at a library in group waiting.	A group sitting.	entailment
A man dressed in a black shirt and jean pants is cutting wood on a table to use for his half finished wooden fence around his yard. A man cuts wood to add to the fence he is in the middle of building. Man building a wood picket fence. A person is building a fence.	Men smiling at each other.	contradiction
Two people prepare food in a kitchen with light brown cabinets. Two older people are in their kitchen preparing a meal. An older couple is standing in a kitchen together. An older couple cooking in the kitchen.	A group of older men standing.	contradiction
Two little girls, one in a purple dress and one in a red, polka-dotted dress, are running around an area covered in paving stones. A girl wearing a purple dress and a girl wearing a red dress run around outside smiling. A girl in a pink polka-dot dress runs with a little girl in a purple dress. Two girls in dresses run on a brick-paved street.	Children running and laughing.	entailment
One man and a woman sitting on a table in a restaurant eating dinner A man wearing a shirt and tie is holding a bottle of alcohol. A man at a restaurant table holds an empty bottle. A jokingly angry man holding alcohol	A man has a tired look.	neutral
Old man with white hair and white t-shirt looking at a sculpture. An old man in a white shirt is standing in front of a sculpture. A man in his studio is looking at his sculpture in progress. The man with glasses is looking at a sculpture.	Artist working on a sculpture.	entailment
A man is talking into a microphone, there is a boy in the background, a man is playing a keyboard and is wearing a camouflaged jacket. A man is singing into a microphone whilst playing the keyboard, as a young child looks in from the background. A man is playing the keyboard and singing into a microphone while a young boy watches. A black man in an army jacket playing the keyboard and singing.	A man rests.	contradiction
A little girl with blond pigtails is being held upside down by a blond woman with a ponytail. A woman wearing glasses holds a young girl upside down with the sunlight beaming behind them. Happy mom flipping her daughter around and both smiling ear to ear. A blond woman tips a young blond girl upside down.	A woman playing with a child.	entailment
A baseball pitcher stands on the mound, ready to pitch a ball. The baseball pitcher is looking towards home plate. A pitcher stands on the mound. A man is playing baseball.	A baseball player is about to throw a ball.	entailment
Two law enforcement officers are looking into the trunk of a car which is blocked off with yellow police tape. Armed officers look over the open trunk of a car near a scene surrounded in caution tape. The armed SWAT officers guard the cordoned area while inspecting a backpack. Officer holding a loaded shotgun to the ground.	Another man works on a car.	contradiction
A gentleman in a short-sleeved shirt and pants shines a person 's shoe outside while other people walk past. A middle-aged man shines black leather shoes. A man shines shoes on a busy sidewalk. Older gentleman shining a shoe.	A man lunging.	contradiction
A large group of young women outside, all wearing the same blue tracksuit, waving and smiling at the camera. Twenty four excited teenage girls, posing for a photo at a high school football stadium. A group of girls in uniform are having their picture taken near a football field. Students in uniform pose for a picture during a football game.	Girls stand in a field.	entailment
Several older men, some in traditional headdress convene on a street corner. Several men standing near a black concrete wall. A group of men standing on the street. Old men stand on the street.	A guy doing a stunt.	contradiction
A large group of people sit together in a small crowded area. A group of Asian people are crowded onto a floor resting. A group of people sit on a sidewalk. Asian people at a rescue shelter.	Group relaxes.	entailment
A man and woman are walking whilst holding hands down a leafy lane. A man and a woman walking down a sandy path surrounded by trees A man and woman walk side by side down the road. A couple walking and holding hands.	A man walking across the grass.	contradiction
Man in a blue shirt with hand on forehead behind two cushions. A man in a blue shirt reads a paper behind a broken seat. Man looking over paperwork with a broken couch in front. A man reads quietly alone in room.	A man sits at a table.	entailment
Four African-American men sitting on a stone bench in a village, three of them listening intently to the fourth. Four black men are sitting down on a bench discussing something. Four men are sitting around having a conversation in the shade. Four men sit on a bench in a desert village.	Men talking.	entailment
A woman with gray hair, a brown hat, sunglasses, and a yellow scarf is looking away from the camera. An elderly Asian woman is wearing a beret, sunglasses, a yellow scarf, and a plaid jacket. A woman with a yellow scarf looks like she is in a market. Gray-haired woman perusing at outdoor market.	A woman smoking.	neutral
A bus that 's being driven by a man that seems to be giving a tour by the woman. A lady wearing red glasses and a floral shirt speaks to passengers in a bus. A woman in a blue shirt and red glasses holding something on a bus. Tour bus lady taking pictures.	A policeman standing.	contradiction
Friend gathered together setting and laughing on a blue blanket with a little toddler wearing a blue hat. Three women are sitting on a blanket on the ground with a baby, and are talking and having a good time. Outdoors by a wood fence, three women and a toddler sit on a blue quilted blanket. Three women and a baby sit on a blue blanket outside.	Child sitting in a blue stroller.	contradiction
A group of people are standing outside at a carnival, near a ride called the Green Jungle. A crowd of people standing next to a shack labeled " Green Jungle. " A group of people standing in front of a hut in a parking lot. Crowd standing near " GREEN JUNGLE " exhibit at festival.	Workers gathered.	neutral
A brown and white dog running crazily through the grass. A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open. A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard. A brown and white dog running on grass.	A pitbull running.	entailment
A man in jeans and white sneakers is doing a backflip in front of a group of onlookers in a dance studio. Kids are practicing for an event that they will perform at school. A dancer performs an aerial move with many others watch. A man flips in the air before a crowd of onlookers.	Kids gather.	entailment
An older gentleman in plaid is learning how to knit in an auditorium. A man with a name tag that says " Jim " is knitting. A retired citizen makes crafts with yarn. An old man named Jim is knitting.	A man doing a trick.	contradiction
A snowboarder balances on an obstacle, with a bright light in the background, while snowboarding at night. A young person competes for the snowboarding title in their town. A young person snowboarding at night. A snowboarder who is doing a trick.	A snowboarder grinding on a rail.	neutral
Dancers practice dance positions with each other, with some using a safety rail for assistance. Two rows of dance students are practicing ballet moves against a pole in a studio. A group of teenage girls in a ballet class are doing their barre exercises. Women in a studio doing ballet.	Several girls posing.	entailment
Cowboy being hit by a bull inside the bullring after falling off the bull. A cowboy is falling off a bull and looks like he might get trampled. A man being thrown into the air while being trampled by a bull. A person falling after being thrown from a bull.	A cowboy standing.	contradiction
A girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger. Blond little girl looking down at a butterfly on her finger. A curly-haired girl captivated by a butterfly. A young girl admiring a butterfly.	A boy holds a tool.	contradiction
Men and women of various ages sit playing instruments in an orchestra while a similar group stand in the background as a choir. A male conductor wearing all black leading an orchestra and choir on a brown stage playing and singing a musical number. A choir and an orchestra performing a musical piece in some kind of theater hall. An orchestra plays in an ornate hall.	Singers rehearsing.	neutral
A man in a white t-shirt is crossing the sidewalk. A man in a white shirt walking down the sidewalk. Man going into a shallow, dark passageway. The person in white T-shirt is walking.	A man walks down a shady street.	entailment
A skier in a brown coat rises in the air with a background of snow-covered trees. A skier makes a jump while skiing down a snow covered mountain. A skier jumping in the air with some trees in the background. A skier with a brown jacket does a trick in the snow.	Guy performing tricks.	entailment
A young man in a black swimsuit and t-shirt jumps off of a bridge with an audience of seven onlookers. A guy in a black tank-top jumping off of a bridge while others watch him. Spectators watch, and one snaps a photo as a man jumps off of a bridge. A young man wearing black jumps off a height while people clap.	A crowd gathered.	entailment
A large group of people are playing the game " twister " in a large room. A small gathering of people in a community center playing Twister. Several people are playing twister at some type of event. People in a convention center playing twister.	A group sitting at tables.	neutral
A man gliding in the sky with the sunset on the horizon in the background. Person is parachuting while the sun is setting in background. A single person parachutes through a peaceful sunset. Man parachuting in the sunset with clouds everywhere	A man spectating.	contradiction
A group of young men are carrying ladders and wearing tool pouches as they work on a house project. A man wearing a red hat while holding a ladder with a man in a brown hat looking at him. A man about to carry a small stool through a door. Four men waiting in an area, holding ladders.	Two men stand in a room.	neutral
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail. A hiking tour for seniors on a clear day. Hiking group of people in the mountains. Several hikers are hiking along a trail.	Men and women walking.	entailment
A little boy in a striped shirt going down a light and dark blue slide. Small boy in blue striped shirt coming down large slide. A little boy is sliding down a teal and blue slide. A small boy is riding a water slide	Boys holding a bag.	contradiction
A person is sitting in front of three blue and white port-o-potties with a mop propped against them. A woman, wearing an apron, sits outside three portable toilets. A woman who cleans out port-a-potties rests. A large woman sits in a port a john.	A couple waits.	contradiction
A blond head little boy with a red shirt, and blue shorts is sitting on a stool starting to paint on a stencil board with his paintbrush. A blond-haired boy in a red shirt and blue shorts painting on a canvas. This little boy is wearing a red shirt. A blond little boy painting.	Some boys watch.	entailment
Girl in pink bathing suit with right arm in air behind a seagull on the beach near the water. The little girl plays along the shoreline as the seagull passes by. A girl chases a bird across the sand at the edge of the ocean. A girl in a pink suit chases a gull on a beach.	Child feeding an animal.	contradiction
There are a couple of men and they have a farmers market set up in front of a building. Two people tend their vegetable stand on the sidewalk in front of an open doorway. An open air market in a poor and run down place. Two men are sitting behind a vegetable stall.	A man sells fruit to people.	entailment
An Asian woman wearing tall black socks and black shoes is walking across the street. A young girl in a maid 's outfit and coat is walking across the street. A woman in a brown puffy jacket is walking across a busy street. An Asian woman dressed as a maid crosses a very busy street.	A lady standing.	entailment
The back of someones head with a ponytail with two females engaged in picture taking behind them. A woman holding a green bad taking a picture of another woman on a bridge. A woman is taking a picture of another woman by the Brooklyn Bridge. A woman with a green bag is taking a picture.	Two women pose with trophy.	contradiction
A girl in a pink shirt is standing on a chair and inspecting a drink machine. A girl in a pink shirt and jeans standing on a chair in a restaurant. A woman in a pink shirt is making orange juice in a restaurant. A woman is attending to an orange juice machine.	Scouts standing.	contradiction
Group of about a dozen people at a beach with someone sitting at an assembled booth, probably gathered for the Pipe Challenge. People sit at a beach watching the water, with a man on a stand labeled Pipe Challenge. A group of people are on a beach watching the Vitamin Water Pipe Challenge. Spectators watching what appears to be a surfing contest	Small crowd standing.	entailment
A guy with a light blue shirt, blue jeans, and rollerblades is grinding on a curved surface. A boy at a skate park prepares to slide down a ramp. A man in a blue shirt rollerblading on a ramp. A rollerblader catches a cool grind.	A man has headphones.	neutral
A young girl with red hair and glasses balances on one foot while another girl in a greed hoodie watches. Two girls wearing sweatshirts and jeans trying to put up a tent A girl is standing on one foot with one hand in the air. Young Christians having fun in the woods.	Two children building something.	entailment
A large group of children in matching red vests and large fake noses yell. Many children are gathered outside with toy noses on and are shouting. A group of children wearing false noses pose for a camera shot. A crowd of children wearing red are cheering	A child skateboarding.	contradiction
Two men, one sitting with a guitar and one leaned against a silver fire hydrant with a didgeridoo look down the street in the same direction. A man sits with his guitar while a man in a peach shirt holds a walking stick. A man with his guitar plays on the street for tips. Street musicians working for money to survive.	Performer playing an instrument and singing.	entailment
Two gray dogs jump at each other over the tall grass. Two gray dogs jumping in the air fighting each other Two dark colored dogs fighting one another. Two dogs are fighting in a field.	Black dogs playing tug-of-war.	contradiction
A man in a yellow rain jacket is playing a musical instrument amidst black and white birds. A man is selling hotdogs on a walkway, and there are tons of pigeons. A man under umbrella is watching pigeons. A bunch of birds outside of a building.	A guy sitting on a chair.	entailment
A little girl in a white dress and headband is running through a forest while her dress is billowing out around her. A girl happily twirls in circles, her dress fanning out around her. A young girl enjoys a dance in the woods on a crisp fall day. A young girl in a beige dress running near a wooded area.	A child runs on the grass.	entailment
The red skirt of a female dancer swirls while her feet and her male partner 's feet dance on concrete. A view from the legs down of a man and woman dancing outside. A lady wearing a red skirt is dancing with a man. A man and woman is dancing.	Group doing a dance.	neutral
A boy in jeans and a black shirt skating down a stair rail. Man with helmet performing a trick while rollerblading. A teenager performing a trick on a stairway in public. A skateboarder goes down a railing.	A boy does a stunt.	entailment
One man and one woman in the field, guiding two cows through the fields. One man and one woman walking behind two cows pulling a plow. A man and woman turn over the soil in an open field. A man and a woman on a farm field behind two bulls.	One man standing and another man sitting.	contradiction
A transit station with carryall bags in view, and a crouching man and woman talking to each other with baskets in front of them. Man with a cigarette in his mouth bent over talking to an old woman in a pink cap. Man and Woman viewing a lottery ticket in China. Too older people with baskets.	Asian man sits on the ground.	contradiction
A group of tourists take in the sites in a large city as a taxi unloads its fare. A group of people getting out of a van. A group of people are walking by a van. Tourists are walking past a van.	Pedestrians walk.	entailment
A small puppy stands on his hind legs to bite a bigger dog who is lying on the stairs. A black and tan puppy is biting the ear of a brown dog. A black puppy chewing on an adult brown dog. A black puppy chewing on a brown dog 's neck	A white dog plays with a dog.	contradiction
A boy on a skateboard is on a wall near the water and next to grass. Young man skateboarding on a retaining wall in a suburban area. Skateboarder preparing to jump off of stone wall. A boy on a skateboard is riding on a stone wall	A skater does a trick on the wall.	entailment
A person wearing a blue jacket walking up a hill through snow with red skies. A man with skis strapped to his back is walking up a snowy hill. A person walks up a snowy hill with skis on his or her back. A snowboarder is walking up a mountain.	A skier walking up a slope.	entailment
A man in a pink shirt, sitting on the edge of the telephone booth with his back to us. Man crammed into a phone booth wearing a pink shirt. A person wearing a red shirt using a pay phone. Person in pink shirt using a public phone.	A man making a call.	entailment
A man in stripes, a woman in sunglasses, and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building. A woman in sunglasses and a blue flowered shirt stands while a boy and a man sit nearby. Three adults and one child are waiting outside of a building, perhaps a school. A group of people in front of a house.	A woman bicycling.	contradiction
A group of women, dressed alike in black tops and pants, are standing up and extending their arms to the side in unison. A group of choir women wearing black and posing for a group Christmas picture. A choir is performing a Christmas concert. Eden 's Christmas Choir is performing.	A musician surrounded by his musicians.	neutral
Someone is skiing down a step snowy hill. A person skiing downhill in the snow. A skier puffs up a cloud of snow. The skier is buried in the snow.	A skier leaning forward.	neutral
Parade of cheerleaders wearing black, pink and white uniforms. Many cheerleaders wearing black, walk down the street. A bunch of girls in cheerleader outfits. Cheerleaders perform.	A group walking.	entailment
A group of people, some with laptops, sit at several small tables with coffee mugs on them. A large group of people are enjoying one another 's company over coffee at Dunkin ' Donuts. A group of dark-haired men and women sit at an outdoor cafe, working and conversing. A group of people is having coffee and getting some work done.	A crowd posing.	contradiction
A man on a ladder paints the side of a building blue. A painter on a ladder paints the brick exterior blue. A man on a ladder painting a brick building blue. Guy on a ladder painting the building blue.	A man standing in a shadow.	neutral
The woman has a light green blouse with yellow flowers on it. The woman is wearing a flower printed shirt. A woman in a floral blouse purses her lips. An aged woman walks through city streets.	A lady pointing.	neutral
A band on stage playing a cello and guitars while singing into microphones. Four men are on stage performing music. A band playing music together. A 4 member band performing.	A bald man playing an instrument.	entailment
A man pole vaults very high as an audience sits in the stands to watch. An athletic person is performing in an Olympic game. Brunette guy completing a jump on the pole vault. The man is in the middle of a pole vault	A crowd watching.	entailment
Three men jump up for the ball in a sporting event as a crowd watches. The rugby players are competing for the ball with onlookers nearby. Three different men grabbing at one soccer ball during a game. A group of men jumping for a ball.	A cow jumps.	contradiction
A small child buried in fallen leaves up to his neck. A young boy playing in a pile of leaves in the fall. Little boy surrounded by a pile of leaves. Young boy plays outdoors in the leaves.	A child sits.	neutral
A boy bending over with his foot in some dirt, in front of a pillar, as people behind and in front of a velvet rope look on. Three people in matching blue shirts with a crowd looking on from behind a red rope. A boy in a blue shirt picks something up off of the ground while a crowd gathers. A group of people observe a young man in front of a statue.	A group watching a teen.	entailment
A group of young adults with " X " on their hands, smiling. Highschoolers smile for the camera at a dance. Young people make goofy faces for the camera. Teens having a good time.	Teens posing for a picture.	entailment
A blond man in an office wearing shorts and a blue button down shirt is reclining in his chair with his feet on the desk and his hands behind his head. A middle-aged casually dressed man props his feet on his desk. A man sits in an office with his feet up on the desk. A man reclining with his feet up on the desk.	A man holds up a pencil.	neutral
A naked woman is taking a dip in an isolated rocky pool. A naked woman kneels on the rocks of a shallow stream. A nude woman submerges herself in a natural pool. A naked woman steps into the water.	Women standing up.	contradiction
A professional bicyclist wearing a yellow shirt and black shorts rides by an old building. A person in a yellow shirt cycles past a historic looking building. A man in yellow is biking past a gray building with columns. A man wearing yellow riding a bike.	Riders cycling.	contradiction
Two girls and two boys of school age have stopped on the beach, near the waters edge and while an adult woman looks on are looking at a clear display case one girl holds. Girl holding clear plastic container with water, while four other kids watch. Children viewing a small container. Kids looking at something outside.	A group gathers.	entailment
A man paint spattered clothing talks on a mobile phone. An elderly street vendor is talking on his cellphone. A black man steps over a bazaar. Craft vendor on a cellphone.	A man walking past a door.	neutral
A man in sunglasses gets ready to pull a chair out to sit down for his meal. Man about to pull out chair and sit down at a restaurant. The large man grabs a seat at a restaurant. Man at eatery getting ready to sit down.	Men sit at a table on a street.	neutral
A man who looks like he is adjusting something on his face and ears at a train station. A man has stopped to collect his thoughts in the metro stairwell. A man standing in a stairwell with a green strip on the wall. A man with his back turned standing on some stairs.	A man holds his hand out.	contradiction
A child is being swung by her arms while another child watches. A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand. A child is sprawled underneath a blanket in midair. The little girl is being swung around by her arms.	A child fishing by himself.	contradiction
Four jockeys and their horses race towards the finish line at a racetrack. Jockeys ride their horses down the track during a horse race. Horses with jockeys participate in a race. A professional horse race	A man trying to rope an animal.	contradiction
A man in a blue jacket and pink shirt is singing and playing the guitar Two guitarists are performing in front of a gum ball machine. Two men playing a bass and a guitar singing a song. Two band members play guitars at an open air event.	A brown-haired man singing into a microphone.	entailment
People are gathered around the table filled with food. A family is sitting at a table ready to eat dinner. Six people are gathered around to eat a big dinner. A happy family at thanksgiving.	A group sitting down.	entailment
Two young girls wearing green and yellow uniforms standing in front of each other. A woman in a marching band uniform holding out her arms to another woman. The two band members are wearing hats with yellow feathers. The girl in the marching band comforts her fellow teammate.	Women facing each other.	entailment
Two young, barefooted boys are standing outside next to an area covered with trash; behind them are tall, green trees and shrubs. Two small dark-skinned children surveying a dump with green trees in the background. The two boys stand on a pile of rocks in front of some trees. Two boys stand beside a pile of garbage on the ground.	Young men standing in front of some forestation.	contradiction
A group of girls playing touch tag, one team dressed in blue and another in dark green, are running to help two injured players. Young white girls collide during game of flag football while teammates rush to their aid Two girls collide during a fast paced game of capture the flag in a park. Girls collide while engaged in a competitive sport.	Children running on a grass field.	entailment
Men are standing around an area that is unknown from the picture, but there is a lot of water. A very large black shiny floor with two walkways above it. Some people are milling around in an event center. A man in blue is in the top balcony looking down.	Several men walking.	entailment
A little league football game is underway in a suburban neighborhood. Little league football players run down the field. Children playing football on a grassy field. Two youth football teams playing a game	A team walking.	neutral
There man on top of an snow covered mountain with a lake behind him. A man climbs over snow covered rocks by a shore. A man is standing on a snowcapped mountain. A person hikes down a snowy mountain.	A climber walks.	entailment
A yawning little boy in a red shirt sits on a large man 's shoulders. A father with his son on his shoulders walking through a park. A small child is yawning while hoisted on the back of a man. A young boy riding on the shoulders of a man outdoors.	Child makes a face.	contradiction
Two recreational soccer teams stand at attention looking at each other in clean uniforms before playing soccer. Two teams are standing facing each other in groups. Several soccer players are standing on a field. A soccer game about to start.	Teams getting ready for a game.	entailment
A man in a business suit holds the hand of a young boy as they walk across a lawn. A man dressed in a suit holding the hand of little boy, walking. A man in a suit holds a young boy 's hand as they walk outside. A father and his child are crossing the lawn.	A parent and his son walking.	entailment
Two young men promoting their website wearing knit caps and trying to sell condoms Two men sell paraphernalia like condoms with Obama images on them. The two guys in blue jeans and winter hats hand out condoms. Two young men distribute Obama condoms.	Man shirtless.	contradiction
A child in red and white striped pajamas is standing and holding her arms up. A young girl in striped pajamas holding her arms up. A child is wearing red and white striped pajamas. A family gathered opening presents.	A child smiling.	neutral
Two men playing with their black and white dogs on the beach. Two men walking two black and white dogs along a beach. Two men on the beach with two black and white dogs. Two people walking their dogs on the beach.	Men on the shore.	entailment
This picture shows a group of soldiers in body armor with red shields Warriors in chain mail holding shields waiting in line. A Roman reenactment is taking place. Men in armor hold red shields.	Other men stand.	entailment
Two police officers wearing rollerblades are talking to a man on the sidewalk. Three police officers conversing rollerblades. Three police are on skates in the city center. Police officers on rollerskates.	Policemen talking.	entailment
An Asian woman looks out a car window at a cat sitting in the road. A driver is staring out her car window at a cat in the street. The lady in the car parked in the street is looking at a cat. A cat looks up at an Asian lady in a white vehicle.	A woman holding a hoop.	contradiction
An elderly white woman holding a bag walks through a terminal. An elderly woman with a bag walking under an airport sign. An elderly woman stands beneath a timetable. A woman walks through an airport.	An old woman carrying a bag.	entailment
A blue Harley motorcycle is one of a group of motorcycles owned by motorcyclists. A parked motorcycle sits among other parked motorcycles. Two people are standing near their motorcycles. A man stands next to motorcycles	A lady talking.	neutral
A young man is holding a microphone with colorful light around him. A man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth. A man holding a microphone on the stage in lights. A man in a suit talking into a microphone.	A man taking a picture while standing.	neutral
Boys are selling flowers, drinks, mugs, and other items on the sidewalk. The street vendors are selling flowers, wine and jam. Kids selling flowers on sidewalk. A man walking past a snack bar.	Vendors wait.	neutral
A girl wearing a red and multicolored bikini is laying on her back in shallow water. Girl wearing a bikini lying on her back in a shallow pool of clear blue water. A little girl in a red swimsuit is laying on her back in shallow water. A girl is stretched out in shallow water	A child lying in the sand.	entailment
A crowd of protesters in the street holding up peace signs an holding signs saying " stop killing in Iran. " A group of people protesting with signs saying, " stop killing in Iran. " Protesters are holding signs that say stop killing in Iran. Young protesters outside holding signs.	Protesters demonstrating.	entailment
A young man with glasses is playing the violin. A man in a gray coat and hat playing the violin. A man wearing a gray hat is playing a violin. A man is playing a violin on a street.	A musician playing his instrument.	entailment
Long-necked, flying white bird grazes water with black legs. A big white bird flies out of the water leaving a splash. A crane flying just above a body of water The white crane is landing in the water.	A white animal taking flight from a lake.	entailment
Two men look at the camera and smile while holding up their glasses of beer. Two men are toasting a cup of beer together, while another watches. Two men posing for a picture while getting ready to have a drink. Two men drinking beer with another in the background.	Two men enjoying a beverage.	entailment
Observers behind a metal street barrier, watching a car race as the cars go speeding by. A crowd of people gather nearby to watch the parade. People are watching a race on city streets. A street parade with onlookers	A crowd sits.	neutral
A man in a red shirt, white cowboy hat, chaps, and cowboy boots rides a brown bucking bronco in a rodeo. A cowboy in a white hat rides a bucking bronco in a rodeo. A rodeo guy in a red shirt rides a bucking bronco. A man on a bucking horse at rodeo.	A rider riding a bucking animal.	entailment
A male in a green shirt and jeans is sitting on the floor while turned to look slightly up at a female with a blue shirt and jeans sitting in a green chair. A male leans against the green seat that a female is sitting in, and they both grin at one another. A boy sitting on the floor looking up at a woman in a green chair. A man in a green shirt looking towards a woman in a blue shirt.	A lady relaxing.	neutral
A well dressed, dark-haired, dark-skinned young man wearing earbuds sits and rests against a tree. A man leaning up against a tree while listening to a music player. A man in a white shirt listening to music. A guy sleeping on a pile of grass.	Two men helping another man.	contradiction
The skateboarder in the white shirt balances on the ledge as the others look on in the background. The boy is performing a trick on a skateboard. A skateboarder on a ramp, doing a trick. A boy doing a skateboard trick	A child plays while a child watches.	contradiction
Small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks. A girl in a pink dress playing with a toy drum set. A little girl in pink playing the drums. Young girl playing the drums.	A girl plays an instrument.	entailment
A young boy in blue and a young girl in pink play on bamboo stalks. Two children wearing hats hang onto to bamboo trees. Two white kids are playing with bamboo sticks. Two kids holding onto trees outside.	Children handing.	contradiction
A man with a backpack was bicycling past the Chinese food market. A man rides his bicycle past the Chung May Food Market. A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market. A man is riding his bike past a grocery store.	Man cycling.	entailment
A dog in a living room laying on a stuffed animal with a television in the background. Dog climbing on stuffed animals indoors, background TV shows breaking news. A small dog laying on a stuffed animal in front of a TV A small dog grinding against a stuffed animal.	A brown dog running.	contradiction
There are three men on horses, 2 with red shirts, and the third with a white shirt is getting bucked off while people spectate. Three men on horses, one of them with his legs up in the air is being bucked off his horse. Two men on horses look on as another man is bucked off the back of his horse. Two men on horseback watch as another man is thrown from his bucking horse.	Men riding animals in a rodeo.	entailment
A gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress. People sitting down, walking around and, taking pictures outside of a building. A group of people are sight seeing and taking pictures. People are taking pictures.	A tourist taking photos.	entailment
A man with a baseball cap and glasses and a lady with a bandage on her left are sitting at an outside cafe that is roped off. A man in a black hat sitting with a woman with glasses. The man and the woman are sitting at a table. A couple sitting a table outside a cafe.	Cyclists coming.	contradiction
Two men are hiking in a forest where snow is partially covering the ground. Two men hiking in the snowy wilderness. Two men look up while hiking. Two men hiking in the snow.	Hikers resting.	contradiction
A man wearing black is sitting by a lamp post smoking a cigarette. Two men in black outfits are sitting at the base of a lamp post. A few people are sitting down in a brick-paved shopping center. A man in black smokes a cigarette in a courtyard.	A woman and a man walk down a street.	contradiction
A woman in a blue star printed dress stands next to a grill with food on it. A woman standing over a grill, waiting for her food to prepare. A woman is manning a grill with some meat A young woman stands by a barbecue.	Meat cooking.	entailment
A young boy wearing a blue hat is looking through a telescope while another boy watches. A young boy wearing a blue cap looking through a telescope. A child is looking through a telescope A child looking through a telescope.	A child waits.	neutral
A beagle and a young blond child wearing a number 96 tag at an event. A young woman on her knees looking into a dog 's eyes. A young girl dressed in gray kneels to look at a dog. A girl is giving a dog a treat.	A little girl watching.	contradiction
A blond individual rides a jet ski in water near a mountain range. A person on a water vehicle on a lake surrounded by mountains. A girl is wearing her life vest while she rides a jet ski. A person is in the ocean in the boat wearing life jacket.	A woman riding her bike.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat. A man wearing a Gas mask attempts a flying kick toward another man wearing a mask and red shirt in a martial arts stance. A person has jumped in the air with one foot stretched toward a man on the ground who is wearing a red shirt and a hat. One man throws a flying kick at another man.	Men swimming.	contradiction
Two young men walk through a public space, one with his arm around the other 's neck. Two men are walking together in an embrace. Two guys joking around with each other. Two men holding luggage are walking.	A man walking while carrying his shoes.	contradiction
A young woman wears a costume of black hair, blue dress, and gold jewelry. A woman dressed like Jasmine from the Disney movie " Aladdin " looks down. A woman in blue clothing smiling as people in the background walk by. A woman in blue is looking down and holding paper.	A woman standing on a street.	neutral
The girl with the wide eyes has a marker hanging from her nose. A blond girl in a brown shirt with a black pen up her nose A little girl has a pen sticking out of her nose. Young girl sitting with a black pen in her nose.	A child looking at the camera.	neutral
A man in jean shorts and a dark shirt is sitting with a red backpack beside him in a wooded area possibly chanting. An older hiker sitting down on his backpack for a break. A man takes a break from his hiking trip. An older man sitting in the sunshine.	A man sitting in front of a crowd.	contradiction
Two people gathered at a doorway; One appears to be a health professional from her smock top and the other a young girl, wearing eyeglasses, perhaps seven or eight years old, that has some type of apparatus in her front that may be aiding her health. A heavyset girl in a striped dress with glasses is holding hands with someone while she is receiving some sort of medical treatment. A girl in a striped dress is holding a nurse 's hand. A child on a ventilator walks through a doorway.	Woman holding another woman's hand.	contradiction
A rodeo with a cowboy in green chaps, on a bucking bronco as the audience looks on A man is on the horse to do a rodeo show for audiences. A cowboy hangs onto a bucking horse in a rodeo. A man is on a horse in front of an audience.	A man riding an animal through a street.	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and a top hat with goggles is standing over a bowl with a spoon in it. A gentleman is standing under a tent in front of bowls of some kind of soup. A man with a cowboy hat and blue shirt on is cooking in a festival tent. A man in a blue shirt getting ready to put a cracker in his soup	Men yelling.	contradiction
Young man talking to his friend at what looks like to be a car racing event. A man in a white t-shirt sitting on the hood of a car. A young man drinking a soda on a green car. Two men sit on an old car.	A man holding a beer.	neutral
A group of people on a street gather together to listen to an accordion. People gathered on a sidewalk listening to a man play an instrument. Seven people are outside listening to a man playing his instrument. A guy playing an accordion with people listening and watching.	A group sits in a circle.	neutral
An Asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand. A boy in a striped shirt and glasses sitting and looking very bored with his head resting in his hand. Man wearing a white plaided shirt and he is day dreaming A young man is sitting and thinking.	A man lights a fire.	contradiction
People are walking along a beach with a pier in the background. Two young girls in shorts wading in the ocean. People in the water at the beach. Nice sunny day by the pier.	A woman with a hat walking.	contradiction
A market offers a variety of fresh, colorful vegetables in the open air. Women conversing while tending their produce in a market. Women workers in a produce market in a foreign land. Asian woman with baskets of colorful vegetables.	A man sitting against a wall with a woman.	contradiction
A group of young people waving flags in some sort of protest. Young men wave flags in a crowd outside of a glassy building. A few people are waving flags in a crowd. People waving their flags.	Men having lunch.	contradiction
A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team. A basketball player attempting to control the ball near the basket rim. Two men jump up for the ball near the hoop in a basketball game. A basketball player is scoring a basket.	Two women playing softball.	contradiction
A man and a woman are sitting at a table with jars of beer and cigarettes. A man and a woman at a table with playing cards and beer in mason jars. A man and a woman are sitting at a table smiling at the camera. A man and a woman playing cards.	A man is drinking.	entailment
Man and young child sitting on the ground in front of red rock wall. A man holding a flute and a boy sit on a street against a red wall. The man and boy sit on the ground, next to a rocky wall. A man and a small boy sit and rest against a stone wall.	A man adjusting an instrument.	neutral
A small girl in a bathing suit jumps above a kiddie pool. A little girl plays in a blow up pool. A girl plays in an inflatable pool. A girl plays in a small pool.	Boys racing against each other.	contradiction
A black man with a white hat and sunglasses speaks into a microphone outside a Chase bank. A man in a white hat, sunglasses, and dark shirt speaks into a microphone. A black man with a white cap and sunglasses gives a speech. A man in a gray shirt is giving a speech.	An African American man holding a microphone.	entailment
This gentleman is digging up rocks, or concrete, to make something in its place. A construction worker siting on a green tractor. A construction worker sits in a green lift. A man operating a tractor.	A man doing work.	entailment
A young child is trying to get the attention of a pigeon. A child crawls on the floor looking at a pigeon. A child in a striped shirt watching a bird. A little girl tries to play with a bird.	A child lines up.	contradiction
A person with long, blond hair wearing a bandanna drinks from a beer bottle while standing in front of window blinds. A man with long hair is drinking a beer. A man drinking out of a glass bottle. A man is drinking a beer.	A white man drinking beverage.	entailment
A woman with blue hair and ripped pantyhose sits against a blue wall while playing her guitar. A woman with blue hair is playing the guitar leaning against a blue wall. A lady with blue hair sit and plays a guitar in front of a blue wall. A young woman is playing a guitar on a street.	A blond woman playing tennis.	contradiction
A man is pointing with his whole hand at a large projection of how folic acid helps neurulation. A teacher teaching about folic acid and how it helps neurulation. A professor explaining a University level lecture. A man teaching a class about folic acid	A man giving a presentation.	entailment
Two hikers are climbing through a rocky and snowy passage in the mountains. Two mountain-climbing hikers ascend a rocky path through patches of snow. Two people are climbing up a huge, snowy mountain. Two people are walking up a mountain.	A bride walks.	contradiction
People are sitting behind a chain link fence watching a youth baseball game. Two onlookers watch a young man as he gets ready to make a hit. The back of two spectators watching a baseball game at night. People watching a baseball game through the fence.	Women watching kids.	neutral
A group of men in blue shirts and white pants walk across the street in a crowd of people. A crowd of men in uniforms consisting of blue tops and white pants are walking. A ceremonial parade being held is passing over a street corner by the bay. A lot of people wearing blue are at the wharf today.	Children watch.	contradiction
A food vendor happily serves his hungry customers. A table full of food in a packed outdoor market. People are having occasion and they are eating. A chef is selling ethnic food.	A man smiles.	contradiction
A young girl in a red dress and black shirt with two purple water balloons. A little girl is wearing a flowing dress and carrying water balloons. A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand. A young girl wearing a pink tutu.	A child walking.	contradiction
There is a woman at the window of a building getting ready to hang a small piece of clothing on a clothesline right outside, which already contains some articles of clothing. A person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building. Woman in the window just trying to dry some socks. A woman hangs socks on a line outside her window.	A woman standing.	entailment
A man is wearing a white shirt and burgundy pair of shorts is holding up his head and near a watered area among bushes and leaves. A man is crouching and looking into a stream while on top of a wooden structure. A man is bending over the side of a platform to look at the water. A man is on a wooden bridge looking for something in a creek.	A man is passing out advertisements.	contradiction
A group of soccer players are grabbing on to each other as they go for the ball. Two teams playing against each other in soccer. Two soccer teams on the field playing soccer. Soccer players playing a soccer game.	Some men play rugby.	contradiction
A dog jumping over high jump poles at show. A small dog jumps over a striped gate. A dog jumps over an obstacle outside. A small dog leaps a barrier.	A black dog swimming with a ball.	contradiction
Two hikers are trekking across a sloping hillside with deep brush in spots. There are two people with backpacks walking on the side of a grassy hill. Two people in heavy clothes are walking up a gradual grassy incline. Two people are hiking up a grassy hill.	Climbers climbing a mountain.	entailment
A young girl with two differently colored shoes does front flips in a large, open field. A child is doing a handstand on a green lawn outside where several people are playing. A child in green pants attempts a handstand in a field on a clear blue day. A boy doing a flip on the grass.	Child has a backpack.	neutral
An sitting Asian male wearing a yellow shirt with a skateboard in his lap. An Asian youth sitting on a wall with a skateboard on his lap. A youth wearing yellow sits on a wall holding a skateboard The boy with the skateboard is taking a break.	A man working while sitting.	contradiction
The child is riding a vehicle along a gated path next to a beach area. The little child is holding the handles of something. A girl riding a scooter near the beach. The girl rides at the ocean.	A child has a butterfly.	contradiction
Two young girls reading, while another young child looks on. Two girls are reading books while a baby looks at them. Two little girls reading and a baby listening. Three young children enjoying books.	A boy rollerskating.	contradiction
A group of workers wearing bright orange jackets with reflective stripes, a man in the middle is holding a sign. A group of workers in reflective orange vests and hard hats pose for a photograph. Several men and one woman are dressed in orange with white hard hats. A group of hard hatted workers smile for the camera.	A group protesting.	contradiction
A group of female runners race on grass in front of a blue tent, with spectators watching. Teenage girls from different high schools compete in a race on a well-maintained field. Many girls are competing in their track tournament. Runners running in a race	Girl sticking out her tongue.	neutral
A frightened boy is carrying a hammer, ready to defend himself. Boy sitting on a couch staring with a hammer in his hands. A teenage boy holds a hammer with both hands. A boy in a black shirt holding a hammer.	A man sitting on a sofa.	contradiction
A woman in a brightly patterned shirt uses tongs to tend to meat cooking on a grill. A young woman in a shirt-sleeved shirt grills meat on a barbecue. A girl with short cut hair is cooking food on a grill. A woman cooking food on the grill.	Women meet.	contradiction
A white dog is walking through the leafy grass while a brown dog is about to bite it. One white dog and one brown dog playing with a stick. A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass A brown dog chasing a white dog.	Two white dogs sitting.	contradiction
A girl in a black shirt with flowers is holding a black and white puppy. A woman in a black floral dress holds a young puppy. A young woman holding a black and white puppy. A girl holds a very small dog in her hands.	A woman taking a picture of another woman.	contradiction
A man stands at the top of a ladder, extending his right hand to another man that is holding a cable from a third story window. A man in shorts stands on a ladder almost three stories up from the ground, reaching for a cable. A man in a gray t-shirt atop a ladder reaching out to another man inside the buildings window A man is on a ladder which is leaning against a building.	A man talking.	neutral
A young boy does skateboarding tricks down metal stairs. A man is skateboarding down a railing on some stairs. A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night. A boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail.	A skater slides down a railing.	entailment
A man in a black shirt, and black shorts is walking down the street, holding hands with a woman in a black sundress. A group of tourists are walking down a paved trail. People walk down the street on a sunny day. People are walking down a road together.	Participant walk.	neutral
The man in the yellow t-shirt sat cross-legged on the couch as he listened to the woman on his right talk. A man and a woman are sitting on a couch next to other people behind a table full of papers. A group of people sitting around a living room chatting. A group of people drinking and talking	A group climbs.	contradiction
Toddlers having a sleepover, sitting on the couch, giggling at TV. Two little boys and a little girl sit on a purple couch. Three children spend time laughing on the couch. A group of kids laugh while seated on a couch.	A dark-haired boy smiles.	neutral
A man sits on a street bench, looking after three young boys. A man is sitting on a bench with three kids nearby. A father sits on a bench with his three children. A man and three boys sitting on a park bench	A man canoeing.	contradiction
A group of kayakers go down a murky river on a cloudy day. A group of people in their kayaks preparing to race. Five kayakers paddle side-by-side. A group of people kayaking.	Men kayaking in boats.	neutral
A young woman in a multicolored plaid dress is jumping over poles lying on the ground which are being manipulated by a man in a red shirt, while two women in sparkly tops stand in the background. A woman dressed in bright clothing jumps over sticks held by a man. A young woman jumping over wooden objects in front of onlookers. A girl wearing bright colors is jumping around during a festival.	A woman performing a dance.	neutral
A lady is filming school age children in an African village. Villager being captured on film for a documentary. African children and African woman in a circle. A group of African villagers at school.	A little boy watching a child.	contradiction
Three young boys are swimming in a body of water near a boat. Three children are playing in the water near a boat. Three children in the ocean next to a sailboat. Three young African boys in water.	Boys walking.	contradiction
A man in a pink sweater and a gentleman sitting down in public transportation. A man in pink is chewing a toothpick on the subway. A man wearing a pink shirt is riding the subway. A man in pink on a subway.	A man waiting in a subway station.	entailment
A person in a green and white suit does tricks midair on a black bike. A dirt biker is flying through the air with his motorcycle. Person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle. A BMX biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike.	A man performing a trick high in the air.	entailment
A woman in jeans, sneaker, and sneakers walking down a sidewalk while messaging. A woman in a black shirt and blue jeans is walking down the sidewalk. A black girl walking down the sidewalk with a cellphone in her hand. A black woman walking down a street.	A girl walking on a path.	entailment
A white bird with a black beak begins to land near the water. A bird, wings outstretched, over the water. A black and white bird is flying over water. A bird swooping over water.	An animal jumps.	contradiction
A man waring a blue plaid shirt talks to another man wearing a black t-shirt while holding a camera on a tripod. A man is holding camera equipment while talking to two other men. A man talking to other men while behind a camera on a tripod. The man with the blue checked shirt is taking pictures.	A photographer talking.	entailment
Four young women around a kitchen counter with a plate of brownies in the foreground. A group of women, who look unhappy, are sitting in a kitchen talking. Four ladies at kitchen counter getting food together for a party. Four girls in a kitchen near a plate of brownies.	Women stand.	contradiction
A group of schoolgirls are standing together while one is taking pictures. A group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph. A group of young women stand together. Girls in school uniforms.	A group conversing.	neutral
These people are attending a conference where there are all red chairs and tables. A group of people are attending a conference. People listen intently in a conference room. People at a meeting, listening intently.	A group of men in a crowd.	neutral
A woman dressed in a purple sweater is leaning back on a park bench. A woman wearing a purple shirt is sitting on a bank day dreaming. A young lady takes time to think on a public bench. A woman is sleeping on a park bench.	A woman resting.	entailment
A man in blue jeans is sitting on the shoulders of another person as he interacts with a woman performer on stage at a concert. A woman with a microphone on a stage points the microphone at a man who is standing in the audience in front of her Woman on stage at Amnesty International event exchanges gestures with man offstage. A woman on stage points to a man holding up his hand	Many animals sit.	contradiction
A woman in a long black burqa walks toward a shopping area while a short-haired man with a beard walks beside her. A woman in traditional Islamic garb walks through a plaza with a bearded man. A Muslim couple is walking through a shopping center. Man and women walking side by side on the street.	A woman holding up a book.	contradiction
There 's a man in a wheelchair who is stationed on a street corner with a guitar and an amp. An older male is playing a guitar on a wheelchair in a city street. A middle-age man in a wheelchair playing guitar on the streets. A man in a wheelchair plays his guitar on a sidewalk.	A man chases.	contradiction
A male dancer lifts the female dancer as she arches her back and lifts her legs. This photograph captured a man and a woman skating in an intertwining pose. A man and a woman doing an ice skating performance. A pair of ice skaters doing a routine on the ice.	A woman looks through a telescope.	contradiction
A man in a complicated costume with a red mask is holding a torch in front of a crowd of people, many of whom have cameras. A masked performer wearing an indigenous costume holds a torch in front of an audience. A person in an elaborate mask holds up a torch in front of a crowd. Crowd watching a person in scary costume holding a torch.	A dancer entertains a crowd.	neutral
A very young boy in a black jacket, jeans, and tennis shoes holds himself at the top of a slide, waiting to go down. A young boy in jeans and a dark jacket slides down a slide towards the camera. A child looks nervous at the top of a slide. Young boy sliding down a slide.	A little boy sitting.	contradiction
A group of young men on stage sing together with looks of passionate expression on their faces. A boy band and no one even matches someone should have sent a memo. The boy band " One Direction " performing one of their hit songs. A boy band is singing on stage at the yearly talent competition.	Members gathering.	neutral
Two younger women, one holding a small blond girl on her lap, watch as an elderly woman plays Chinese checkers against an opponent in a blue shirt whose back is to the camera. Four adults of different ages sit around a table playing Chinese Checkers while a young child sits on the lap of one of the ladies. Four females and a male play Chinese checkers in someone 's home. Four people and a child playing some kind of game	A group playing jump rope.	contradiction
Small girl in a teal dress on the arm of a chair reaching for a floor lamp. Baby indoors, climbing on red couch arm, reaching for lamp. A baby stands on the side of a couch and knocks over a lamp. A small child climbs onto the arm of a red couch.	Woman sitting on a couch.	contradiction
A young man in a blue shirt reads off of a stand in a highly ornate church. A man in a blue shirt reading the Holy Bible in a Catholic church. A young man in a blue shirt standing at a podium. A man is singing in church.	A dancer standing.	contradiction
A man in a white uniform with blue trim prepares food for serving. A man in a restaurant tends to the lamb meat. A man in a white uniform is preparing meat. A man in a chef 's hat is preparing food.	A man cutting a piece of food.	entailment
A man wearing a blue sweater and a tan sock hat is smoking a cigarette. Two people on a city street looking up into the night sky. Two men standing in a busy city while one takes a photo. A man in a blue jacket is looking up at something.	Another man doing construction.	contradiction
A man in a red shirt, black overalls and sunglasses plays a guitar. A man wearing overalls and a hat is playing acoustic guitar outside. A man in overalls, sunglasses, and a hat plays the guitar. A man in blue overalls plays the guitar.	Man playing a game with a child.	contradiction
One dog on the ground and another dog standing above it. Two dogs in a field, facing each other. Two beige dogs play in the grass. Two tan dogs play in the grass	A man and a dog play with a ball.	contradiction
Two professional motorbike riders snapped from the front, very close to one another trying to negotiate a right bend. Two individuals on motorbikes leaning into a turn on a racetrack. Two motorcycle racers are neck and neck coming around a turn. Two people are riding motorcycle in a race.	Motorcyclists racing.	entailment
Several people walking or sitting outside in a large city. A street scene at night with people walking downtown. People are walking along a busy city street. People walking in New York at dusk.	A crowd gathers.	contradiction
Two ladies in sweatshirts walk by as the boy in the beanie stares jealously at their balloons. A man and women walks together, both with white shirts, holding balloons. Two people walking down a sidewalk, both of which are carrying balloons. Two people in white sweatshirts are walking carrying balloons.	A lifeguard sitting.	contradiction
An older man in a dark suit is speaking into a microphone at a podium with an " AMBUC " banner. Man in black suit speaking a podium. A man in a suit giving a speech. An older man giving a speech.	A woman and a man singing into microphone.	contradiction
A person rides a snowmobile over the snow and does a stunt. Snowmobiler riding snowmobile with front end up in the air. A man riding a snow machine topples over. A person on a snowmobile.	Two children riding a ride.	contradiction
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it. A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee. A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee. A dog catching a Frisbee.	Dog standing.	entailment
A red jacketed young man uses a bullhorn to shout in front of a large protest banner. A woman wearing red speaks through a megaphone while walking in front of a banner. A woman in a red shirt talks into a megaphone in front of a hand painted banner. A girl in a red sweater speaks into a megaphone.	A man using a bull horn.	entailment
A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought. A man and a woman in an apron stand near a fireplace and Christmas tree. A young couple thinking about their Christmas decorations. A man and a woman posing in front of a Christmas tree.	Men having lunch.	contradiction
A group of women in sports uniforms are playing frisbee in a field while others spectate. Many people are playing Frisbee in a grassy field. Women playing ultimate Frisbee. Women playing ultimate frisbee.	Three girls playing a game.	entailment
A mountain biker, wearing a black helmet and shirt, in motion. One biker wearing a black helmet riding on a dirt hill. Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area Dirt biker taking a corner	A man on a bike taking a sharp turn.	entailment
Two men stand beside a yellow and blue tow truck on the side of the street outside of a discount grocery store. A blue and yellow tow-truck pulls up in front of a grocery. A tow truck is sitting outside of a Discount Grocery store. Cops asking a tow truck man some questions.	Three men having a discussion.	contradiction
A little girl in a yellow hat is sitting in the grass with her eyes closed and her hand up to her face. A little baby girl in a blue top and cap sitting in the grass licking her fingers. A child closes her eyes and puckers her lips. A boy is blowing on his hand.	A child eating something.	neutral
A brown dog is chasing a tattered soccer ball across a low cut field. A brown dog chases a tattered ball around the yard. The tan dog is chasing a ball. Tan dog chasing a ball.	Large dog playing with a ball.	neutral
A smiling blond young woman in a purple sweater holds a faux alligator up to another blond young woman who pretends to be scared. Two young girls with exaggerated expressions on their faces Two young women playing around with an animal toy together Two blond women pose for a photo.	Women doing a routine.	neutral
A man in shorts, a gray t-shirt and backwards baseball cap reclines in front of a campfire as a young boy in blue and small girl in pink sit eating nearby. A man in a gray shirt, a young boy in a blue shirt and a young girl in pink clothes all sitting down in front of tents with a fire going. A middle-aged man is sitting in his campsite while two children are eating snacks near the fire. In front of two tents, a man and two children sit near a campfire.	A man relaxing.	entailment
One female wearing a blue sweatshirt and ski cap is holding a camera and jumping. A woman in a blue sweater, holding a camera, is jumping in a park. A person dressed in blue carrying a camera is jumping in the air. A photographer relishes capturing a great shot.	A retriever jumps.	contradiction
People at a concert wave their hands in the air as they watch the singer and guitarist perform. A band plays at a concert while the audience raises their hands over their head. People raising their hands at a concert. A man is singing at a concert.	A crowd seen from above.	neutral
A man is lounging under an umbrella at the beach with the sand, ocean, and other beach goers in the background. A man dressed in black on the beach sitting under a red umbrella. A man sitting on a giant beanbag on a beach. A man sitting on the beach.	A man snowboarding.	contradiction
A nursing staff in front of a cart that says magnet is you. A doctor and nurses in a hospital standing behind a cart Group of smocked people reading books in front of cart. Some hospital employees reading books in a hallway.	A dog standing.	contradiction
A woman in a jean jacket and black sunglasses stands outside with two young boys by a kiosk, looking at a paper she is holding in her hand. A woman and two boys are looking at a sheet of paper by an information kiosk. A woman and two boys looking at an information station. A mother and her sons look at an information kiosk.	A woman reading something.	entailment
A group of black boys in a classroom setting wearing white shirts, listening to a speech about UNICEF. A school filled with young children who have UNICEF books in front of them. Group of African children sitting a their desk at school. A group of poor African children sitting in a classroom.	Kids rollerblading.	contradiction
This dark-skinned man checks his phone while riding in what looks like a bus. Man in white looking down read with two men in the background. Three men in collared t-shirts looking at photos in a truck. One man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down.	A man standing next to another man.	neutral
A young man in a red quilted vest displays an assortment of silver pendants around his neck as he watches a woman in a yellow bikini top, a black jacket, and bright pink fingerless gloves go by. A woman wearing a black leather jacket with yellow bra standing in front of a man wearing many necklaces. The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top. A man and woman dressed in bright colors stand in front of a fountain.	A man lying down.	contradiction
A singer with a guitar sings into a microphone on stage while the drummer sits behind him. A guitarist and drummer appear on stage in front of a giant screen. A red lit stage with a guitarist and a drummer playing. A rock group performing for a crowd, finishing a song	A band playing music.	entailment
Two boys are doing tricks on their skateboards at a skateboard park. Two males skateboarding at a park and performing tricks. Some very talented skateboarders having a great ride. Two boys skateboarding at a park.	Skater flying.	entailment
A running back maneuvers himself into an opening between two lineman as he attempts to run the ball down the football field. The football player in brown is running with the ball from the players in white. The football player is trying desperately to advance the ball up the field. A college football player running the ball towards defenders.	Men playing football.	entailment
A girl in low-cut jeans and black top is walking with a piece of paper in her hand. A woman in torn blue jeans and a short black shirt with paper in her left hand. A girl in a black shirt with blue jeans has a silver necklace. A woman with a black top is holding papers beside a road.	Man walking on a street.	contradiction
A white man and an African American appear to be sitting in front of a scenery with plants and a tree. A man with a hat and a checkered shirt sitting next to another man with sunglasses on his forehead. A man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other. Dark and light-skinned men sit in front of a tree.	Two men sit in chairs.	neutral
Two little girls in a hallway, a woman standing in the background. Two sisters race through the hallways in the house. Two small girls running down a hallway. Two young girls at play in a home.	Women smiling.	contradiction
A man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches. Two men in blue jersey tops and white shorts play soccer. Number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches. A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball.	Another member watches.	entailment
Four ballerinas wearing a black sleeveless shirt, gray skirt, and white pantyhose are standing on their toes while lifting their arms. There are four synchronized ballerinas completing their show. Four ballerinas dancing on stage. Four girls are in a ballet.	Women stand.	entailment
A dog runs down a trail with a stick in his mouth. A dog with a stick in his mouth runs in a forest. A dog runs with a large stick in its mouth. A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick.	Owner runs.	contradiction
Children at a religious ceremony looking around in surprise. A pastor and a young girl in the front of the cathedral. A priest ministers to a group of young wide-eyed kids. A child sings at a religious service.	A man holding a book.	neutral
A couple sitting on a ledge at night with a lots of city lights and a bridge in the background. A couple sit on a rock and talk under the moonlight. A couple enjoying the night lights together. A romantic couple sitting together.	A man sitting in the dark.	entailment
Young Japanese women window shop in front of a store displaying a sign with an English translation of " Cash and Wrap, " and featuring a McDonald 's fast food nook. Two Chinese women at the cash and rap store third women counting her money for her purchase. Two women looks over an item at a Chinese convenience store. Two women shop at an Asian convenience store.	A woman on a laptop.	contradiction
A little girl is laughing and smiling while on a ride at the park. A small girl giggling while playing on a toy. A child in a blue shirt playing in the sand. A young child playing on a toy in the sand.	A woman smiling.	contradiction
A young male in light pants and navy jacket does a head spin on a wooden floor for an audience. A breakdancer standing on his head while wearing a jacket and a beanie with khakis. A breakdancer spins on his head on a wooden floor while a crowd watches. A man breakdances on his head in the middle of the dance floor.	A man gazing.	contradiction
Young man wearing a blue jacket, green shirt and denim jeans is photographed by person in beige jacket and burgundy pants while four onlookers watch on an expanse of sand. Boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo. A man is jumping in front of a group of people. We won the race and the money.	A skater jumps in the air.	contradiction
Two children kick each other while being suspended from the ceiling. A blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes Two children play while being suspended in harnesses. People dangling from straps kicking at each other	Kids practicing the karate move.	contradiction
A woman purchases a spool of yarn from another woman, who is selling on the side of the street. A woman in a black hat is speaking to a woman in a blue dress. A female street vendor sells brightly colored spools of yarn. A lady buying colorful spools of yarn from another lady.	Two women talking.	entailment
A bridal party surrounding a bride sitting on a couch. The bride 's side of a wedding party. A bride is sitting on a tan couch. Old picture of wedding.	A crowd standing in groups.	neutral
A woman with scarves in her head sits with three others staring at the camera with no expression. Woman with blue robe and headwear is sitting with other women. A collection of women sitting on the ground. Five people sitting down.	A group sits on the floor.	entailment
A group of bicycle racers rounds a turn on an asphalt street as spectators watch from behind temporary barriers. A focused man wearing black leads the pack in this bike race. Cyclists are racing around a curve. View of front runner at an event	Several riders racing.	entailment
A girl is upside down on a trampoline and you can see her navel. A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline. A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline. A child flips on a trampoline.	A teen child jumping on a trampoline.	entailment
A girl has rested her bike by a bench so that she can eat and ice cream. A girl is sitting on a bench eating ice cream with a bike next to her. A young girl sits on a metal bench with her bike eating ice cream. A little girl eats ice cream near her bike.	A child glancing.	neutral
People of all ages sit and look at the water and fountains in a popular spot, surrounded by white pillars. A large fountain with several people sitting along the right side. A .group of diverse people around a memorial People hanging by a fountain on a warm day.	A group sitting.	entailment
This man is working in a wood shop and wearing ear protection. A young man cutting wood in a shop. A man is working splitting wood. A man works in a loud wood shop.	A man sawing a plank.	entailment
A man and a woman are having a conversation, while the man drinks a beer. A man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk. A man drinks a beer while conversing with a woman. Two people talking, while the man has a beer.	A man holding a beverage.	entailment
A young man, dressed in black, cheering out of a crowd of people. A man cheers in front of a crowd gathered behind a banner. A woman is holding a black sign at a street rally. A woman in black cheering.	A group stands.	entailment
A pensive young man of Indian descent, sitting on the ground resting against a tree, with other people engaged in conversation in the background. Man wearing sandals leaning against a tree, with other people in the background. Some men rest on the ground in a dilapidated area. The man appears to be taking a well needed rest.	A group standing and sitting.	entailment
The backs of the heads of two men that are plugging their ears while riding the subway. Two guys are sharing headphones and are listening to music on a subway. Two people sitting together on a subway listening to earphones. The back of two men 's heads riding on a train.	Men seen from behind.	entailment
Two men kickboxing, the man in the red shorts is kicking while the man in the black is blocking. Two men in a cage are boxing with each other in front of tons of people. Two men fight in a ring while spectators look on. Two men fighting in front of an audience.	Two dogs fight over a stick.	contradiction
A girl in a white tank top with bows on it is walking with two other women behind her. Girls in the aftermath of a rainstorm continue on their way. Two wet teenage girls walk around the pool area. A wet girl wearing a white shirt and a necklace.	A woman holding an open umbrella.	neutral
On a hot day, three small kids sit in a big container filled with water. Three children squeeze into a plastic tub filled with water and play. The little kids sit outdoors in a small tub of water. Kids play in a blue tub full of water outside	A boy takes a nap.	contradiction
A man with a blue shirt is flipping burgers at an outside grill. A man in a blue shirt is cooking hamburgers on a grill. Man in blue shirt focusing on grilling hamburgers. A man in a blue shirt cooks hamburgers on a grill.	A man sits.	contradiction
Two police officers casually scanning the beach on foot. Two Police officers walk down the beach. Two police officers walking by a beach. Two officers walk the beach.	Men walk.	entailment
A man in a purple hat, white shirt, wearing earbuds, listening to music, sitting outside a city building. A man is sitting on a granite bench with a bag at his feet. A man in a white shirt Is sitting and listening to music. A young man in a baseball cap listening to music.	Man resting on a surface.	entailment
A young woman with short blond hair wearing jeans and a striped long-sleeved sweater jumping in midair on a skateboard with trees in the background. A young man is in midair while skateboarding at a skate park with people watching him in the background. This person is performing a trick in skateboarding competition, with people watching in the background. A boy jumps on his skateboard while a crowd watches	Someone hikes.	contradiction
Two young couples posing for a picture in exercise clothing. A group of people stand on a brick path. Four runners pose for a picture. They are posing for a picture.	Couples stop.	entailment
A lone snowboarder wearing a white jacket jumping into the air on the snowy mountains. A snowboarder in green pants and a white jacket is jumping high in the air. Someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air. A snowboarder gets some air.	A seagull flies.	contradiction
A gray and black-haired male is holding his glasses in one hand while looking at something in the other hand; surrounded by numerous amounts of machines. Man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand. Some elements are too small to visualize without a microscope. A man in a laboratory is examining something.	A man teaching at a blackboard.	contradiction
A little girl with a blue shirt is standing by a man wearing sunglasses on the beach. A little girl in a blue shirt is pointing at the water on the beach. A young girl is standing on the shore and pointing to the ocean. A young girl is pointing at water on a beach.	A man bicycling.	contradiction
A vendor in Mexico pushes an ice cream cart past an armed security guard in front of a shop. A street vendor pushes ice cream past the open entrance of a wholesale store. A man pushing a cart selling treats of some kind. A man pushing a cart with a blue wheel.	A man kneeling down.	contradiction
A man in a white cap holds a sign reading " 4th Commandment MONDAY IS THE LORD 'S 7th DAY OF REST " A poor black man holds a religious sign while standing outside of a food stand. A man with a white baseball cap on is holding a sign outside of a store. An African American man holds a sign about the 4th commandment.	A man with a scarf wrapped around his neck.	contradiction
Two men are jumping off of a picnic table, with a rock wall and forest in the background. Two men are in mid jump and they are both wearing long-sleeve shirts. Two grown men jumping off a wooden picnic table in a wooded area. Two men in midair after jumping off a picnic table.	A man smiling.	neutral
A band consisting of two males and a female perform on stage in front of a giant red heart. A man in a plaid suit and two others are performing on stage. A band plays on a stage with a large heart-shaped backdrop. A band playing music on stage.	A group of men playing hockey.	contradiction
A male metal worker using a welding tool in his right hand, while holding the mask in his left hand, in a mid-lower or lower class neighborhood. A man wearing a red shirt, jeans, and a black cowboy hat is welding on metal bars. A man in a black brimmed hat and a red shirt is reading a book in front of a garage. A carpenter takes a break to read a book.	Some scouts standing.	contradiction
Children are playing on a merry-go-round as adults on a bench watch them. Fathers watch as their children enjoy the spinning merry-go-round. Children play on a merry-go-round as adults look on from a bench. A child spins on a merry-go-round.	Two kids sit.	neutral
Lady in a pink shirt a blue jeans, holding a little girl, dressed in pink, posing next to an alpaca A woman in pink is posing with a small girl and a farm animal overlooking a grassy scenic hilltop. A woman and a little girl pose for a picture with a llama atop a hillside. Woman and child on hillside feeding a lama.	A brunette woman kneeling.	neutral
A man wearing a black hat, buttoned shirt, tie, dark shorts, and black and red shoes speaks loudly as bystanders see flames in the street. A street busker wearing a top hat is performing with fire in front of a large crowd, some seated and some standing. A sidewalk artist performing magic tricks. A street performer entertains a crowd.	A crowd watches.	entailment
A worker in a blue shirt is high up on the outside of a tall office building, cleaning the windows. A window cleaner hangs from the side of a tall building. A worker is working on the glass of a tall building. A man in a blue shirt is climbing a tall building.	A man yawning.	neutral
A group of girls wearing dresses and skirts gathers outside. A bunch of young girls are walking in the sand. A group of children are walking in the sand. A group of girls at the beach having fun.	Some kids jumping.	contradiction
A large group of dogs walking in a body of water. A group of dogs standing in a river. There are six dogs in the water Dogs play in creek.	A dog bites a white dog.	neutral
Three women are crossing the street and on is wearing a yellow coat. Three ladies enjoying a stroll on a cold, foggy day. A woman in a yellow jacket following two other women. Three women are crossing a street	Women walk.	entailment
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses. Two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player. Two pre-teen girls listening to music on an MP3 player with headphones. Two girls are laying in the grass listening to music.	Two children smile for the camera.	neutral
A varied group of people are on all fours with a woman laying on top of them; a man is seen attempting to jump or flip over them. A group of volunteers forming an obstacle, while an acrobat performs a jump over them, and the crowd looks on in anticipation. While in the street, a young man is jumping over a number of other individuals as a crowd looks on. A man is performing acrobatics over a group of people kneeling on the ground.	Man does a trick.	entailment
A large brown dog sits next to a small white dog in a field of long grass. A large dog lying in the grass with a smaller dog next to him. Two dogs are sitting together in a wheat field. Two dogs laying together in grass	A brown dog chases a Frisbee.	contradiction
Children in a field stand in front of pieces of PVC that are sticking out of the ground. Small children in uniforms standing in the grass. Young children are playing on a field. A child doing some drills for soccer.	A boy kissing.	contradiction
A man with a turquoise vest and black pants sits down in front of a brick monument. A person in a turquoise vest is sitting on a stone bench with a few other people. People sitting a circle with a man in a green vest talking on the phone. Someone sitting down and talking on the phone.	A group of people sit and stand.	entailment
A man is rollerblading down a white railing beside a red brick building. A male on Rollerblades skating down a railing next to stairs. A man is skating down a rail above some steps. A man slides a skateboard down a stair ramp.	A skater slides down a ramp.	entailment
Members of a marching band, clad in blue with painted faces, perform on the street. School band dressed in blue with their faces painted playing music. A high school band all decked out for spirit week. A band dressed in blue are playing instruments.	Men standing.	neutral
A woman wearing a white, flowing dress and headscarf is walking barefoot in a stream with two young shirtless boys. A woman in white and two black children wade through a flooded field. A woman in white clothing and two children wade through a stream. Two women and a child walking through a river.	A baby walking.	contradiction
A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it. A white and brown spotted dog, standing on its hind legs in front of a woman and a cake. The brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs. A dog stands on his hind legs for a lady in purple.	A dog jumping.	contradiction
A woman in a plaid dress and bare feet performing a ritual dance over bamboo poles. A woman dressed in bright clothing jumps over sticks held by a man. A young woman jumping over wooden objects in front of onlookers. A girl wearing bright colors is jumping around during a festival.	Women stand.	contradiction
A mother wearing a blue shirt and white shorts carrying her two children in a crowd of people. A woman is carrying two children in the middle of a large crowd. A woman holds her two children as they stand in a crowd. Two kids being held by a mother in a crowd of people	A child sits on the shoulders of a woman.	neutral
A young girl in a pink top looks at a stack of newspapers in front of a fence. A little girl in a pink shirt is outside, looking at newspapers in a rack. A young girl in a pink dress stares at a metro newspaper rack. A little girl looking at newspapers.	A child standing.	entailment
Three Asian women are standing together smiling, the one with red hair is holding up the peace sign with her fingers. Three girls smiling, one of those showing two fingers as if she 's doing the peace sign. Three young women smiling while the lady with the red hair makes a peace gesture. Three girls are smiling for a picture.	Girls smiling for the camera.	entailment
A man, in a dimly lit room, is playing an online video game. A surprised man is playing a game on his computer. Man playing video game instead of working. A man playing a game on his computer.	A guy sitting at a desk.	entailment
On a sidewalk, apparently in a shopping district somewhere in Asia, young women in high-heeled shoes have a discussion, while other shoppers walk by. Asian friends standing in the street in busy part of town. A gathering of young women in an oriental market. The group of friends is having a discussion.	Teens talking.	entailment
Two young, barefoot men in white square off against each other in an impromptu arena. Two people wearing white are dueling while a crowd watches. Two boys sword fighting in the middle of a crowd. Two people are dancing with swords.	Dancers dancing.	contradiction
A man stands shirtless by a motorcycle that is parked near a stone wall overlooking the ocean. A motorcycle is parked next to the road with four people surrounding it. People looking at the beach and a woman in a wine top taking a picture. People looking at the ocean.	Doctors stand.	contradiction
A black-haired man is sitting on a bench on grass, and near cement and wood blocks. A man sits on a bench in a yard filled with stacks of wood and bags of concrete. A man is sitting at a picnic table while looking at a construction project. A man sitting in a backyard with wood and a pallet.	A man does artwork.	contradiction
Many people are walking on the brick walkway between the buildings. Many people are walking down a street surrounded by old buildings. Various people walking down a street with multiple buildings. People walking down a street with tall buildings.	Crowd walking.	entailment
A young girl dressed up in a princess costume outside. A toddler in a pink dress walks through the grass. A girl in a frilly pink dress, dancing on grass. A young girl dressed in a princess costume dress	A child standing on the grass.	entailment
Crowds of people observing a marathon, the London Eye is in the background. A large crowd of people lined up along a roadway watching a race. Excited bystanders in London cheer for the road runner. A crowd watches a race on a rainy day.	A woman runs on a street.	neutral
A group of workers in orange safety vests and hard hats pose on top of a factory type building A group of men wearing hard hats and orange reflector vests are commemorating an event. A group of men wearing hard hats and OSHA safety vests, posing for a photograph. A group of workers at a train station.	Men standing.	entailment
A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course. A man jumps high in the air above a wooden ramp with a bicycle. A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp. A biker does a trick on a ramp.	A rider flies.	entailment
Asian man in colorful attire writing in his traditional language. An Asian man in a colorful robe is writing on a parchment. An older Asian man with a beard and mustache is writing. A Chinese man writing Chinese word on a book.	A man drawing.	neutral
A hockey team in red and white on the side of the ice rink. Players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game. Ice hockey players are sitting on the sidelines. A hockey team takes a break off the ice.	A team waits.	entailment
There are two workers, one on a ladder, against a blue wall with a yellow-and-black stripe. Construction workers in front of blue wall with warning stripe. Men wearing hard hats and safety vests are working. A guy with boots is on a ladder.	Asian men looking at something.	contradiction
A woman with glasses and graying hair sits at a wooden table and smiles. A woman with glasses sitting at a table with a book. A woman in a jacket and pearls at a book signing. A woman sits at a table in a bookstore.	A woman reading.	entailment
A man holding a baby and an older child admire a birthday cake with candles. A man, baby, and child sit in front of a birthday cake. A man holding a baby with a girl and a birthday cake. Candles are lit on a cake while a man holds a baby.	Children have a book.	contradiction
A man wearing glasses and sitting at a computer, looks back at a man wearing a white shirt as he is pointing at something. An Asian man standing next to a door points to something. Someone on a laptop looks at someone standing by a door. A man in a white shirt has his index finger raised.	Men having a discussion.	entailment
A crowded street with a few people wearing white shirts and polka dotted skirts walking in a line. There are many people outside, including a group of girls all wearing polka dot skirts. A group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street. Large crowd congregating in a busy street.	Women walk through a tunnel.	contradiction
A man in a red shirt and blue hat travels the road on a motorcycle. A man with a blue helmet is on a motorcycle on a blue skied day. A man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle. A man wearing a blue helmet is on a motorcycle.	Men sitting in a living room.	contradiction
A group of tents sit in front of a hill with a person standing outside the most prominent one. A collection of blue tents, one of which says " Exodus ", are set up in a lush landscape. A woman in a blue shirt is standing by a blue tent. Blue tents in the country next to a hill	Elephants standing.	contradiction
Four young girls, one of which is wearing a skirt, or standing at the beach while an older adult looks on. A girl with glasses is joined by her family on the beach. Young women chat after a stroll along the beach line. Four girls on the beach on a cool summer night.	A woman making a purchase.	contradiction
Two motocross bikers wearing full protective gear, with one in midair after a jump and the other looking down at his motorcycle. During a race, the blue biker cleared a jump safely, while another biker appears to not be doing as well as the biker jumping. A person is riding their motorcycle and are shown as the motorcycle jumps into the air. A BMX racer is riding his bike in full gear, with another racer in the background.	Another driver standing.	contradiction
A big white bird flies out of the water leaving a splash. A white water bird taking flight from a lake. A crane flying just above a body of water The white crane is landing in the water.	A white animal sits.	contradiction
Several people congregate at an umbrella topped table just outside of a shop named DAHLAK. A group of people standing under an umbrella at a coffee table. Stopping at a table with umbrella on a city sidewalk. A group of people standing around a table outside.	A group standing in front of a store.	entailment
A group of women all in white shirts and wearing pink wigs are standing near some buildings. Several women in white t-shirt wearing hot pink short wigs standing outside in a city. A group of young women are wearing pink wigs, white shirts, and sunglasses. Seven girls all wearing neon pink wigs.	A lady wearing pants.	neutral
A group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub. Three men at a table while one looks on holding his martini. A group of men are sitting around having drinks. People drinking martinis at an outdoor event.	Men playing soccer.	contradiction
Two workmen in jeans pave the floor at a transportation stop next to a barren hill. Construction workers tend to the floor of what appears to be a mass transit stop. Two construction workers smooth out concrete surface. Two guys setting the cement.	Two men working on a sidewalk.	entailment
A young child in a blue flowery dress walks along a sidewalk near a gated wall. A little girl in a blue flower dress and black boots walking on the sidewalk. A little girl in a flowered blue dress dances down a hallway. Young girl in floral dress walking down street	A toddler walking.	entailment
A young man, young woman, and small child ride together on a motorbike past a group of parked motor scooter carts. A woman, man, and a little baby is riding a scooter. A man, woman, and child share a moped bike. Three kids are riding a blue motorcycle.	Three woman sitting at a table.	contradiction
A white bird spreads its wings and jumps into the water feet first. A white bird with a black beak begins to land near the water. A bird, wings outstretched, over the water. A bird swooping over water.	A black animal being chased by a dog.	contradiction
An African family gathered outside preparing something in a pot over a fire. A poor family, three adults and one child, pose for a photo. A family of poor black village people gather around a fire. Five people standing outside posing for a picture.	A man stepping up.	contradiction
Two girls are using a flip chart whilst talking to some younger children. A pair of young women with an easel give a lecture to a young audience. Two young women perform near handwritten notice as little girls watch. Two young women with a large piece of paper.	Women doing a presentation.	entailment
Eight women runner coming around the inside curve of a track at a track meet. A women 's track meet that has already started. Female Olympic runners racing in group. Athletes running in a race.	Runners competing in an event.	entailment
A cricketer is laying on the ground between the wicket and the ball. The cricket player just misses catching the ball. A man playing cricket closely inspects a shot. Guy playing cricket lying on the grass	A man laughing.	contradiction
A young male child wearing an orange, white, and blue-striped hat is standing with his arms outstretched at the edge of a fenced-in yard, in front of some red tulips. A toddler playing outside in a garden with a coat and hat on. A young boy shows his joy and excitement at seeing a garden. A young boy helping plant new flowers.	A child looks out.	contradiction
A man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married. A man and a woman standing in a chapel with their marriage license. This is a man and woman who are holding up a marriage certificate. A man and woman holding a marriage certificate.	A couple waits.	neutral
A little girl in a pink bathing suit jumps up on a sand dune at the beach. A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune. A young girl in a bikini jumping on the beach. A girl with a bikini plays in the dunes.	Children playing in a fountain.	contradiction
Two men are observing another as he puts the finishing touches on wet cement. Three men looking out the door towards an area secured with Caution tape. Guy standing in a door during construction Three people stand in a doorway.	Men doing homework.	contradiction
Two older people, dressed in nice clothes, walk down a sidewalk. Two men in tuxedos and with hats are walking down a street. Two men walking down a sidewalk together. Two men in suits and hats walk together.	A group of women walk.	contradiction
People stand near the entrance to the Fulton Street Subway Station. People stand outside the entrance to the Fulton St Station subway. People outside standing by the subway station. A subway station in New York.	A group stands.	entailment
A man leans back while climbing a mountain tethered to a rope. Man with helmet rock climbing in a snowy area. A man is climbing up a wall with a rope He is rock climbing.	A man climbs a cliff face.	entailment
A person rides a bike high in the air as a crowd watches. A motorcycle rider is in midair in front of a crowd. The motocross rider is jumping his dirt bike. A biker performs before a crowd.	A motorcyclist jumping.	entailment
The back of a lady wearing a blue halter top is shown, a crowd in the distance. A dark-skinned woman in a blue dress is standing near a crowd. An African-American woman stands in the crowd. A woman in a blue dress stands in a crowd.	A girl walks.	contradiction
A group of men are fighting in front of a bar in a European city, one of them hitting another with a stick. Group of people fighting on a street. Eight men fighting in the street. Men fighting in front of a bar.	A group jumping.	contradiction
A person dressed as a court jester during a theatrical performance. A man in a red harlequin costume leaps across the stage. A play is going on and a man is in midair. A ballet dancer performs a leap on stage.	A performer jumping in the air.	entailment
There are two guys on motorcycles while a crowd watches on behind a barricade. Motorcycle stunt performer prepares for his next trick as the crowd looks on. A crowd of people looking at two guys on motorcycles. A crowd of people watching a motorcycle event.	Man sitting on corner.	neutral
The bassist wore jeans and a dark t-shirt while playing on stage. A guitarist and drummer are in the middle of a live performance. A guitarist and a drummer play on stage for an audience. Guitarist and drummer on stage at a concert.	Two men play in a band.	neutral
A man with brown hair hanging in his face stands over a grill as he is cooking meat. Man in light blue collared shirt grilling meat over a small grill. A man grilling outside while wearing a long-sleeved shirt Man in shorts and blue shirt cooking on charcoal grill.	A man reaches up.	neutral
A man with a beard sits with a guitar that 's opened up, and wires exposed. A man in a black shirt working on a guitar. A guy doing something with guitars. A bearded man repairing guitars.	A man has a bottle.	contradiction
A person in a white shirt with blue stripes is holding a large bucket shaped object on the head. A young black man is walking down a deserted street with a container on his head. Man carries empty Coke bottles on his head across dirt road. A man walking with a tub of something on his head.	A woman walking by.	contradiction
A man wearing a red jacket and knee high boots is fly fishing. There is a man fly fishing in a river with trees behind him. A man is wading in a river and casting out a rope. A young man in little shorts fishes in a stream.	A man and a boy standing.	contradiction
Two men talk while the one on the right holds in his left arm, and the one on the right holds a notebook behind him, they are in a field. Two men, one black, one white, are holding books and talking. Two men carrying books, walking and talking in a field. Two people are standing in a field holding some books.	Men helping each out.	entailment
Kids dressed in similar outfits stand on the steps of a building, laugh and smile while watching a man and woman dance together in the sun. A group of teens sit on steps watching a man and woman. A group of people watching a young lady and man. A group of people are sitting on steps.	A group of college students sitting.	entailment
A male and a female with a black hat, and sunglasses stop and talk. A woman and a man turn to talk to each other on the street. A man and a woman wearing hats talking on the street. Are you coming with me for a cup of coffee?	A man and a woman staring at each other.	neutral
A young girl with a blue shirt turns to look at the camera while walking on a trail. A blond girl in standing outside surrounded by trees. A girl is standing on a trail in a field with trees. A girl is walking up a hill.	A woman standing out.	neutral
An ethnic street performer (bongo drums) posing for the camera. Jamaican musician entertaining passers on a sidewalk for tips. A man dressed as his culture is playing the drums outside. An African man in a colorful hat is playing conga drums.	A dark-skinned man sitting.	entailment
A young female poses in blue jeans and a blue headband in front of an orange Ford Mustang. A teenager poses with an orange Ford Mustang in a parking lot with a mountain backdrop. A girl in blue jeans leans against a golden-yellow car. Girl posing in jeans by an orange Mustang.	A woman drawing.	contradiction
A colorfully dressed young man with visible skin lesions is sitting and smoking a cigarette. A young man with darker skin and a shaved head is sitting down smoking a cigarette. A kid with his head shaved sitting and holding a lit cigarette. A young man in a blue poncho smoking a cigarette.	A boy sitting.	entailment
A street performer is standing on his head on a brick street in front of a crowd while he is being filmed in front of a red telephone box. A young man breakdancing on a cobblestone road with many people watching him. Young man breakdancing on a sidewalk in front of a crowd of people. A crowd forms to watch as a man breakdances in the street.	A dancer twirling her skirt.	contradiction
A photographer sets up equipment next to a blue river at sunset. A photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset. A man taking a photo of a bridge on the river during sunset. A photographer shooting the sunset at the beach.	Several men having a discussion.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt is standing in the grass showing something to a woman in a white shirt. A guy and a girl, both wearing white shirts and jeans, stand under a flowering tree. A young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain A man and a woman are talking in a park	A guy leaning forward.	neutral
A male pianist sitting and looking at a beautiful black piano. A man is playing a black grand piano. A man playing a black grand piano. A man working on a grand piano.	A musician sitting.	entailment
Young entrepreneur giving a presentation using two mac book laptops. A man with two apple computers giving a keynote address. A man gives a speech and uses to Apple computers. Man in glasses giving a presentation.	A man and a woman standing.	contradiction
A brown dog is running down a green and yellow obstacle. A dog running down a ramp during a dog show. A dog at a competition runs down a ramp. The dog runs down the wooden ramp.	A light brown dog walking.	contradiction
A little girl is wearing knee pads and a helmet next to a pretty bike. Little girl wearing lots of pink playing with her bicycle. A little girl plays with the reflector on her bicycle. A young girl with her bike.	A boy sleeping.	contradiction
A group of individuals, gathered around a pit fire and wieners on a grill, are drinking an assortment of beverages. Seven men are grilling hotdogs and socializing next to a fire pit. Friends sitting around a barbecue having drinking beer. Group of young men grilling hotdogs.	Two men standing.	entailment
Young child relaxing and enjoying a snack while sitting in a tub with her feet out. A little girl with dirty feet is eating a snack from a cup while sitting in a bin. A summer time snack is being enjoyed by a very cute barefoot young lady. A little girl relaxing in a wash tub, is eating some yogurt.	Many children having fun.	entailment
Two black guys, with hoes, are working a field, preparing it for farming or gardening. Two Black men are hoeing what seems to be a rough patch of dirt. Two men are preparing the earth for planting of new crops. Two men are using hoes to dig rows in a field.	Men using tools on the ground.	entailment
A bald man in a gray button-up shirt and a black blazer is glancing down from his glasses while writing something in a book which appears to be a book signing as he has similar books stacked beside him. A balding man in a blue blazer marks in a book at a desk in front of a chalkboard. The author signs several copies of his novel. A man sitting at a desk writing in a book.	A man reading.	entailment
Spectators sit by the sidewalk as a man riding a white horse comes by. A man rides a horse down the street as a crowd watches. Caviler does rope tricks on horseback for parade. A man rides a horse in a parade.	A man riding an animal in an event.	entailment
A young boy in khaki overalls is holding a book about Elmo with lots of other books scattered around. A young boy enjoys several children books scattered on the floor, next to a shelf of toys. A child plays with books on the floor. A toddler is looking at books.	A child has an instrument.	contradiction
A lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another. A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside. People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope. A man doing tricks in the snow.	A man takes a leap.	entailment
The wide eyed little boy is eating a red Popsicle. A dark-headed boy is eating a large red Popsicle. A little boy is eating a red Popsicle. Little boy eating a red Popsicle.	A child resting.	neutral
A man in a beige jacket and jeans walks around a street corner. Man in tan jacket walking in the street. An older man is walking down the street. A man walks in the street.	A man crossing a city street.	entailment
A woman wearing glasses and dressed in black stands in an aisle of a grocery store, with her right arm resting next to some of the goods for sale. A woman dressed in a black jacket resting on a shelf in the beverage department in a store. A darkly dressed woman wearing glasses leans on the beverage display in a grocery store. A female in a store leaning on groceries.	A woman posing.	entailment
The man is doing stunts with his bicycle. A man wearing a red helmet rides a bike. A person in a red helmet riding a bike. A biker is doing tricks on his bike.	Cyclist doing a trick in the air.	entailment
A man wearing a white tank top and white hat is engraving key chains. A man is carving a handcrafted wooden key ring in a workshop. A man in his workshop making artifacts. A man is working in a wood shop.	A man leans against a pillar.	contradiction
Several people in a group are sitting and laughing together. A group of people sitting down and having a good time. A group of young people excited in a group gathering. A group of friends cheering at the TV.	Students sitting on the floor.	neutral
A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks. A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks. A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track. A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.	A boy is airborne.	entailment
A male wearing a green button up shirt is riding a bull at a rodeo. A man is riding a horse while the horse in bucking. A man is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo arena. A dark-haired main on a bucking bronco.	A man riding an animal in an event.	entailment
Four men are standing behind a counter that has a cash register and tips jar on it. Three men in t-shirts advertising hotdogs stand at a store counter. Four men standing behind cash register and tip jar. Four men are posing behind a cash register.	A group kayaking.	contradiction
A blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter. A waitress stands behind a counter full of cakes. Woman behind the counter running a shop. A woman is standing behind a counter.	Ladies having fun.	contradiction
A young teenage girl talks to another teenager with a red sweatshirt. A girl smiles at another girl in a group of people hanging out. Girl wearing a hat and holding her bike talks to her friend. A girl in pink giving another girl a hug.	Two children talking.	entailment
Two elderly women are walking past a younger woman on a public path. Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky. Women walking beneath a blue sky and power lines. People walk outside on a wooden walkway.	A woman thinking.	neutral
A small group of children are standing in a classroom and one of them has a foot in a trashcan, which also has a rope leading out of it. A group of children stand by a child sized table and chairs while one of them puts their foot in a small plastic bin. Children in a schoolwork on an activity. These are kids acting crazy at school.	A group playing a game.	entailment
A man is riding his bicycle up in the air off of a ramp. A BMX rider rides up a jump and into the air. A boy on a bike descends a half pipe. Bicycle rider airborne on a ramp.	A biker flies.	entailment
A figure is climbing up a rock while people on the ground watch. A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch. A climber scales a cliff as others watch. A woman is rock climbing	A man climbing.	contradiction
A woman in a purple sweatshirt is writing something down while another woman looks along. The woman in purple with a pin and clipboard is waiting for the young lady to answer. A woman in a purple top and jeans talking to a woman in a roller derby. A roller derby player talks with another woman.	A woman rollerblading.	entailment
A bicycler is performing a trick in the air. A man in a beanie doing a bike trick. Picture of biker in midair of a jump. A BMX rider makes a jump.	A bicyclist doing a trick.	entailment
There are four people dressed in warm clothes sitting in the snow in front of a huge piece of ice. Four people sitting in the snow at the base of a frozen waterfall. A group poses for a picture in front of a frozen waterfall. Four people crouched near an ice formation.	Two boys posing for a picture.	contradiction
A man stands in front of an easel, on which is painted the young woman standing in front of the ocean with a parasol. An artist is painting a picture of a woman that is modeling with a Japanese umbrella, while standing on the beach. An artist painting a model dress in old-timey clothes. Man painting a picture of a woman.	A woman poses.	entailment
Two cowboys on horses roping a calf as others look on during a charity rodeo event. A woman in a pink tank top rides a horse in a rodeo. A person riding a horse as people watch. People are inside a cage riding horses.	A man riding an animal in a rodeo.	entailment
A man in a yellow and gray jacket takes a picture of a woman in a white coat carrying a red bag. The man in the yellow and gray jacket is taking a picture. A man wearing a winter jacket is taking a picture. A man in black cap is taking photo.	A man standing.	contradiction
Helmeted, orange-vested workers from TubeLine work on a wooden bridge surrounded on one side by trees, and on the other by a fence and trench. Workers in hard hats perform work on pathway. Two men work on fixing a boardwalk. Men working on guard rail in park.	Some scouts standing.	contradiction
A woman in a blue shirt is about to enter a tour train with other and the tour guide greets her. A woman in a turquoise top talking to the conductor of a trolley near a foreign cafe. Four people standing outside of a rapid transit parked in front of a large building. A woman in a blue shirt about to board a trolley.	An elderly woman speaks.	neutral
People wearing glasses and shades are walking, while a man in a black shirt with the word " Qualified " on it is facing them. There are people in an open space and there is a boy in a black t-shirt with the word " Qualified " on the back. Young boy wearing jeans and a long-sleeve t-shirt, is holding a blue bag A group of people are standing around on a street.	A group waiting.	neutral
People sit around a table with a red tablecloth that has food on it. A group of people are at an outdoor table, sharing a meal. A man holds up a plate with food at a park lunch. A man in a blue shirt passing a plate of food.	Three men eat.	neutral
A woman wearing sunglasses sits inside of a building with several other people looking outside. A woman with blond hair and sunglasses sitting at a table and smiling. Five people are sitting inside a building. A woman looking out a window.	A woman having lunch.	neutral
A male soccer player attempting to head the ball past the goalkeeper to score a goal. A soccer goalie is standing with his legs spread while another player is jumping. A soccer player in the air after kicking the ball towards the defensive goalie. The soccer player is midair near an opponents goal.	A family waits.	contradiction
A young baby with food on her face in a purple shirt and both fingers up her nose A baby with food smeared on its face and two fingers up its nose. A baby with two fingers up its nose, covered in chocolate pudding A baby with its fingers up its nose.	A baby sits in a chair.	entailment
A woman wearing a sparkly dress with a pink heart with the number 10 on it is singing and playing the guitar in front of a white screen. A woman is singing and playing an guitar, dressed in a very glittery dress. A lady in a sparkly dress is playing guitar and singing into a microphone. A woman in a sparkly dress, singing and playing guitar on stage.	An artist plays an instrument.	entailment
A man leans against a large rock during the middle of the day. A man with a blue baseball cap on is sleeping against a rock. A man in a plaid shirt napping against a large, gray rock. A man wearing a hat taking a nap.	A man putting a child to bed.	contradiction
A person with a dark yellow baseball cap and a gray sweatshirt is in the air over an outdoor fountain in front of a cityscape. A teenager is performing a trick jump on a city street corner. A person is sitting up high over a street. Skateboarding in public street	A skateboarder does a stunt.	entailment
A girl wearing a short-sleeve floral print dress with a watch on has a microphone and appears to be speaking or singing to a man with a sports coat, orange shirt and hat on who is playing a guitar. A woman holding a mic and a paper on stage with a musician. A musician and a lady with brown hair are about to sing. Two entertainers in action.	A man and a boy facing each other.	contradiction
People on the street are coming to check out the women 's table. People in a populated square are talking around a small table. People are hanging out in the town square. People stand around a table at a fair.	Protesters standing.	contradiction
The workers are wearing reflective jackets for working at night. Five men in orange vests work on repairing a street at night. Construction in the city at night. Orange cones and traffic workers.	A group standing.	entailment
A rear view of a little girl in a leotard jumping on a trampoline. A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air. A young girl wearing blue is jumping in the air. A young girl is in midair doing gymnastics.	Children sitting.	contradiction
A boy in an orange snorkel mask swims underwater. Boy swims underwater with orange mask on. The boy in red goggles swims underwater. The little boy swims under the water.	A kid diving.	entailment
Indian people work in a field on a sunny day while dressed in an array of colors. Four people in a vegetation field, background appears to be in India. Some people farming out in their field. Four people are farming in a field.	Three women stand.	neutral
A person in a green and white suit does tricks midair on a black bike. A dirt biker is flying through the air with his motorcycle. Person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle. A BMX biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike.	A man performing a trick.	entailment
A man in a dark shirt and glasses walks in grass while looking at something in his hands. The man ponders his situation during a stroll through the yard. A man with glasses walking looking at something in his hands. A man in a park holding a ball.	Man carrying an item.	entailment
A group of people, some with white helmets and diving gear, and some in life preservers, carrying a gurney with a person on it. A group of people work on the side of a large metal structure that is very blue on a cloudy day. A crew is getting someone ready for bungee jumping. Paramedics are rescuing a man on a walkway.	Man standing in the rain.	contradiction
Man in blue baseball cap playing an accordion on a mass transit vehicle. A man playing an accordion rides the New York City subway. A man with an accordion plays for people riding the bus. Man with a musical instrument riding on a subway.	A man sitting on a train.	entailment
A man wearing a red tee-shirt is playing a bowed instrument tucked under his neck. A man dressed in jeans and a red shirt is playing an instrument. An older man in a red shirt playing an instrument. A man plays music with a sword and a bow.	Man holding a weapon.	contradiction
A man wearing a helmet while walking on ropes above the air. A man walks on a ropes course in a helmet. A man walking across a rope bridge. A man walks on a rope bridge.	Several kids standing.	contradiction
Fat man climbs a tree, but his fat girl friend and dumb dogs wearing sweaters are not impressed. A person wearing a blue shirt and khaki pants climbing in a tree. A man climbing a tree while a woman is below with her dogs. A woman with two dogs standing near a man climbing a tree.	A dog sits.	neutral
A woman from a third world country is getting water from the bottom a well with others standing around and watching. African children at a well with one retrieving water by pulling up a bucket. People are standing around a well with large yellow jugs. An African woman gathers water from a well.	Women hold on to a rope.	neutral
A balding man in a striped shirt squatting down in the floor. A middle-aged man crouches in a dirty room. An older gentleman reaching to the floor. A guy kneeling down in front of a desk.	A man bending over.	entailment
One woman with a pink top, one with an orange top, one with a black top along with their children are walking to a boat A white and red ship filled with people sits in the water while a line of others are making their way to board. Women and children are walking down a cement dock to board a nearby cruise ship painted red and white. People walking along a concrete dock toward a large, white ship.	Group walking.	entailment
Two teams competing aggressively against each other while wearing rollerblades and are all heavily padded. A man in a blue uniform on rollerskates and a man in camouflage on skates compete in a ring. Rollerskaters battle it out on the concrete. A competitive game involving rollerskates.	Men facing another.	neutral
The workers are wearing reflective jackets for working at night. Five men in orange vests work on repairing a street at night. Construction in the city at night. Orange cones and traffic workers.	Men standing.	entailment
Two men are standing near Pike Place Market while a couple in the background takes a wedding picture. Man in dark colored clothing holds bouquet of paper wrapped flowers. A bride and groom are taking pictures while two men stand nearby. Two men are in the street while one is holding flowers.	A man standing next to a bicycle.	contradiction
A man in a multicolored vest with a woman in a black dress are on a stage with microphones. A man in a brightly colored vest performs on stage. A couple is performing in front of an audience. Man and woman singing into headset microphones.	Performer stands.	entailment
Tourists in Times Square taking pictures with public figure, The Naked Cowboy. A naked cowboy taking pictures with two ladies. A naked cowboy gains the interest of many. The naked cowboy in times square.	A woman reading.	contradiction
A young boy standing at the front of a group of children is wearing a green shirt and holding his hands on his head. A group of children listening to a teacher read a story in the library. A child in a green shirt is in a crowded classroom. Children at a library in group waiting.	Three children sitting on a grassy area.	contradiction
A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike. An officer directing some people on a motorbike. Police giving directions in an Asian country. An authority figure directs traffic.	A man talking.	entailment
Four children- who appear to be about 10-11 years old- are practicing judo. Young karate participants sparring competitively. An intense karate scene between two young boys. Two children having a karate match.	Boy competing.	entailment
A man playing a guitar is singing into a microphone, his shirt is checkered and he has dark hair. A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room. Man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar. A man singing loudly while playing the guitar.	Gentlemen playing instruments on a stage.	entailment
Two young brown-haired girls eat ice cream; one in waffle-style cone, and one from a Styrofoam cup. Two girls eat sprinkle covered ice creams at a park table outside. Two girls at a table eating ice creams. Two little girls eating ice cream.	Boys chasing.	contradiction
A man with a tattoo behind his ear and wearing glasses is smiling while playing a guitar. A man with a tattoo behind his ear plays the guitar and sings into a microphone. A man with a tattoo behind his ear is playing a guitar. A man with a neck tattoo is playing the guitar.	Artist plays an instrument.	entailment
The dog is wearing a red baseball cap, and has its mouth wide open. A black and white dog, with a red cap on its head, yawning. A dog wearing a red hat opens its mouth wide. A dog wearing a hat stretches open its mouth.	A biker stands.	contradiction
Three men are happy because they 're team is wining. Three men are looking forward and laughing. Three men sitting laughing and clapping. Three men are sitting down laughing.	A man making balloon figures.	contradiction
A white dog is running past a water hose and a stone bench in a yard. A yellow dog running at his objective through a grassy area. A dog running past a garden hose and a stone bench. A dog is running on the lawn.	Dog playing with a ball in the grass.	neutral
Eight young people are sitting in a rough circle in the grass at the bottom of a slight incline with three trees in the background. A group of multi-ethnic young people sit in a circle on grass next to a hill. A group of teenagers are sitting together on the grass. A group of girls and a boy sit on the lawn talking.	A group gathers.	entailment
Various pedestrians walk down a pathway in the daylight. A group of tourists are walking down a paved trail. People walk down the street on a sunny day. People are walking down a road together.	A man holding hands with someone.	contradiction
A woman with long dark hair is carrying a bag over her shoulder which says " hot " in metallic pink letters. A woman with a brightly lettered bag spelling " hot " scratches her head with her back to the camera. A woman carries a bag with bright pink lettering. A woman carrying shopping bags.	A woman standing and holding a bag.	entailment
A young woman in a white dress and sandals sits on the steps with a large red handbag beside her. A woman with closed eyes wearing a white dress and black sandals puts rests her face in her hand. A lady in a white dress with a red purse is sitting on steps talking on a cellphone. A young lady talking on her cellphone while sitting on steps.	A girl talking on the phone.	entailment
Two older men dressed in business coats stand contemplatively outside of a stone building. Two men are in conversation with one looking off in the distance. Two men in business casual attire waiting outside. Two men sit side by side next to a green plant.	Dark-haired men talking.	entailment
Three women are walking on the sidewalk with bags in their hands. Two ladies with shopping bags walking down the sidewalk laughing. Two females walking down the street with shopping bags. Three women holding bags talking to each other.	Friends engaged in a conversation.	entailment
Three blond girls and a brunette are posing with their heads together and embracing for a photograph on a street. Four girls standing together in the street posing for a picture. A group of girls posing for a picture in the street. Four friends in a street.	A lady posing.	neutral
A little girl in pink shirt looking at the camera while helping the woman in blue shirt bake. A woman and a little girl are preparing food. A baby girl in pink cooking with her mom. A woman and a little girl baking.	A child helps her parent.	entailment
A young couple paddle a paddle boat sitting next to each other affectionately. A couple in a blue paddle boat with the number 51 on the side. A couple on a # 51 boat laying in the sun at a lake. A man in a blue boat on the water.	A couple having food.	contradiction
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on top of some jagged rocks with mountains in the background. A man is sitting on top of a snow covered mountaintop. A man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains. A man sits on a rock near mountains.	Some workers sit.	contradiction
These people are sitting down in chairs watching a game. Spectators at a baseball game shading their eyes. A group of people sit behind a chain-link fence. Four people looking through a fence at something.	Men enjoying an event.	neutral
A little girl in a pink dress lays her head on a woman 's lap, sucking her thumb. A child rests on her mother s lap exhausted from a day of sun and fun at the beach. A young girl asleep on a woman 's lap after a day at the beach. A little girl takes a nap on her mom s lap.	A boy gazing.	contradiction
Three individuals are sitting outside on brown benches next to the water. Two men and a woman are sitting on a bench, near water. Some people sit on public benches in front of the ocean. Three people are sitting at benches overlooking water.	A group praying.	contradiction
Two men, carrying guitars, are walking along a beach. Two guitar players make their way back from the beach. Two men with guitars are walking away from the beach. Two men walking the beach with guitar in hand.	A man holding bouquets.	contradiction
In the evening, several people are sitting at tables outside a brightly lit cafe with a dark awning and a chalkboard menu. People are sitting at a cozily lit French restaurant. People are sitting at every table in a cafe. People eating at a French restaurant.	Some individuals sitting.	entailment
A man sits on a bench with his arm around a lady. A man and a woman sit on a bench outdoors. A man and woman sit on a park bench. A man and a woman on a bench.	A man smokes.	neutral
An old man wearing white is in front of an cart with piles of oranges in a market area. A man in a long light blue gown is looking over a selection of oranges on a cart. A man in white shops for oranges and other fruits at an outdoor market. A man looking at oranges at a foreign market	A man selling.	contradiction
A woman in a purple, green and yellow blouse browses items for sale at an open air market. A black woman standing in front of a bunch of clothing. A woman standing in front of things. A woman is looking at clothing.	A woman getting her picture taken.	neutral
Soccer players get in a scuffle as one puts the other in a head lock. A soccer player tackles a player from the other team. Two rugby players fighting on the field A rugby player tackling another.	A man sitting down.	contradiction
An Asian tour group looks towards a site as their guide with a green flag faces towards them. A group of Asian people shading their eyes and looking past the camera at something. A group of people stare upwards, some seem to be in shock. The crowd watches something from above.	A group standing on the side of a street.	entailment
Man in forest in white shirt, wearing a hat. A person in a straw hat is sitting in weeds. A person with a straw hat in the brush. A man with a large hat in the bushes.	Man stands on a hillside.	neutral
A group of people carrying something wrapped in an American flag. A crowd of people carrying a flag styled bullet. A parade going down a street. People walking in a parade.	An infant sitting.	contradiction
A little girl is running wearing boots and holding a shovel. Young boy running in the dirt with a small handheld shovel. A brunet child, wearing rain boots is playing in the dirt. A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs on dirt.	A boy leaps.	contradiction
Children enjoy an abundance of bubbles coming from a nearby fountain while someone captures the moment. Young people are playing in the snow while an older person seems to be taking pictures. Bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street. Foamy bubbles overflow from a street fountain.	A group of children watching another child.	neutral
A woman performing a dance move in an empty swimming pool with Nike shoes on her feet. Beautiful woman in black doing a low twist like a 1980 's breakdancer. A young woman does an acrobatic move on one hand, in an empty pool. Girl performs gymnastic move in a drained pool.	A woman standing.	contradiction
A small blond boy in a collared, striped shirt stands next to the edge of a marsh. A blond-haired boy surrounded by vegetation looks out at a body of water. A little boy about to venture into a pond surrounded by green bushes. A child stands in tall grass by a body of water.	A boy kneels.	contradiction
An old man in a green shirt is walking down a paved path with three small children. A man and three kids walk up a paved hill. A Family going for a walk in a park. A family walks through a park.	A woman riding a tricycle.	contradiction
Happy people enjoy each other 's company at a table full of empty dishes, while they wait for a meal to be served. A gathering of people around two long tables set with different colored bowls and plates. People are sitting around a table with colorful bowls and plates. A family at a table with colorful plates getting ready to eat	A group sitting.	entailment
A festival taking place on a street beside a store entitled " De Credito ". Some kind of celebration probably in an African city. A parade of men in ceremonial dress pass De Credito. People in colorful costumes parade down the street.	Men walk.	entailment
A female gymnast is performing a pose that requires her right hand to be placed on the floor between her right knee and left foot. A young lady is dressed in a blue top with black leotards and is in a dance pose. Young lady during a performance of modern dance. Lady doing yoga at a gym.	A performer practicing on a stage.	entailment
A woman in a cream coat and yellow scarf holding out her hand to a person in a brown sweater that appears to be taking a picture of a piece of art. A woman wearing a yellow and cream colored scarf, and a cream color jacket stands in front of a wall with a painting and holds her hand out. A lady wearing a checkered scarf around her neck is talking to a person in a striped sweater. One person is looking at a painting while another person is holding her hand up.	A man standing under an umbrella.	contradiction
Male musician playing an accordion wearing a leather jacket and hat on a boardwalk or pier. A man wearing black playing a red accordion while sitting. A man sits on a bridge by a river, playing the accordion. A man is playing an accordion near the water.	A man plays an instrument on the side of a street.	neutral
A young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces. A little boy in a brown shirt and a little girl in a flowered dress are looking at the ground. A little girl tying a little boy 's shoe in the street. One child ties another 's shoes.	A child kneels.	entailment
A group of three Asians standing in the middle of a big city discussing something. An elderly woman, a man and a woman standing on a sidewalk together. There is an Asian family gathering in the middle of a public street. Oriental people buying and selling in the street.	A group talks.	entailment
A young boy in a sports uniform stands in front of a group of children. A boy in a yellow soccer uniform is standing on the soccer field. A young boy dressed in sporting gear is standing on a field. A boy posing on the soccer field.	A child holding a little girl.	contradiction
Some people are waiting at the bus stop on the upper deck of the structure. Two people rest on the apparent third level of a structure. Two people are waiting for a train at a station. Two men on the third floor of a building.	Men pass each other.	contradiction
A blue construction vehicle is parked on a mound of dirt with a picture of a man in the background that is painted on a building. Blue tractor digging in front of a building with a mural of a man lying down with no clothes on. Construction equipment in front of a building with a mural of a man being lifted by black birds. Tractors are digging in a small area in front of a piece of art.	Man barbecuing.	contradiction
A worker is working on a tall part of a brick building. Two people work on a brick chimney on a roof. A man working on a concrete building. A worker repairs brick on a chimney.	A man stands on top of a structure.	entailment
Three older Asian people sit on a curb in a parking lot. Three people sit on the curb in a parking lot. Three people sits on the sidewalk of the road. Homeless people sitting on ground	A man sits on a stool.	contradiction
Two female Army personnel are handling a lot of paperwork at one desk. Two female military members go through paperwork in an office. Two military personnel are doing paperwork in an office. Two US army women looking over documents by a table	Soldiers sit.	entailment
A man has finished climbing a set of stairs, between two tall, conical structures. A person walks among large, white geometric shaped architecture. Man in jeans and jacket walks between two large white cones. A man walks between two, large white cones.	A man stands and waves a flag.	contradiction
A middle-aged man, wearing shorts and a t-shirt, cooks hamburgers and hotdogs on a stainless steel outdoor barbecue grill. A man is barbecuing hotdogs and hamburger patties on a large grill. A guy in a white t-shirt is cooking hotdogs and burgers on a grill. An old man is grilling hotdogs and burgers outside.	A man flipping food.	entailment
A woman with glasses and her hair in a braid and a girl wearing a hoodie and jeans are standing in a kitchen drying sheets of glass or plastic while a brown dog follows another person out the door. Two ladies are posing for the camera as they are washing dishes. Two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays Two ladies in the kitchen cleaning glass.	A man and a women are walking together.	contradiction
A line of people at a carnival game, with one woman failing her right arm. A lady throwing an object at a target trying to win a prize at a carnival. A woman is attempting to knock over a glass by throwing a potato. A group of people are at a fair playing a game.	Men and women stand.	neutral
A man wearing a flannel shirt is smiling at the camera while walking his horse. A man leads while his horse pulls his cart along the dirt road. A man wearing a ha is taking his horse out for a walk. Horse and man standing on a dirt trail.	Man stands next to animal.	entailment
A girl in a black shirt with flowers is holding a black and white puppy. A young blond female tends to a tiny puppy in the outdoors. A woman in a black floral dress holds a young puppy. A young woman holding a black and white puppy.	A girl holds a dog.	entailment
An older male, with glasses and gray hair and mustache, posing for a martial arts picture. An Asian man in his karate uniform, doing a karate stance. A man in a karate pose on a wooden floor. An older man is doing a karate pose.	A man practicing.	entailment
A black and brown dog in a grassy, well-lit area with his mouth partially open. The black and brown dog is running with something in its mouth. Black and brown dog with mouth open upright on green grass. The black and brown dog is running on the grass.	A dog eating.	neutral
A couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background Two dogs run through the water near trees. Two dogs are running through a small pond Two dogs standing in a lake.	A dog howls.	neutral
A young girl in a red dress and black shirt with two purple water balloons. The girl is wearing a pink tutu and walking through the grass. A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand. A young girl wearing a pink tutu.	A child carrying balloons.	entailment
A man in a blue-collared shirt is seen watching a man at his cart in the evening. A man in formal attire plays a piano on the sidewalk of a city street. A man dressed in Victorian-era clothing plays a piano in the street. Person standing with a cart on wheels in front of a brick building.	A man crossing the street carrying a bag.	neutral
The children are enjoying a game at what appears to be a small party. A group of kids enjoy snacks and are playing a board game together. A group of kids are sitting around a room playing a board game. A group of young people playing a board game.	A girl talking.	neutral
Lighted night scene of a military uniformed guard standing outside behind metal street barriers, talking on a radio communications device, in front of a tank. There is one individual in this image with a hard hat om and a radio in hand seemingly to be waiting for instructions. Man in hard hat standing in open are behind a fence. A man working on a job site.	A pitcher standing.	contradiction
A woman in a jacket is posing for a camera smiling in a mostly empty restaurant. A young woman wearing a turtleneck and black jacket is smiling for a picture. A photo of a smiling young woman in front of tables on the street. A young girl standing outside a restaurant at night.	A child is standing.	contradiction
A small group of adult males enjoy a conversation in an architecturally sound building. A group of young males standing around a table. People conversing in a casual setting. People standing in a corner.	A group of college students gathering.	neutral
A group of workers wearing bright orange jackets with reflective stripes, a man in the middle is holding a sign. A group of people wearing orange coats with white stripes are standing together holding a piece of paper. A group of workers in reflective orange vests and hard hats pose for a photograph. Several men and one woman are dressed in orange with white hard hats.	A group assembling.	entailment
Three girls playing in on the sidewalk and curb of a city street in the water from an open hydrant. Children are playing outside on a city street in water coming from a hydrant. Two Hispanic girls play in the water spraying from a fire hydrant. Two kids and a woman enjoys a fire hydrant splash.	Kids having fun.	entailment
Young male soldiers in camouflage pants and helmets clean up debris outside a building. Disaster workers in camouflage have been working hard to clean up after the tornado. Two military workers help to clean up rubble. Two men clearing up wreckage.	A man crying.	neutral
A woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons. Ethnic woman from behind with blue flower shirt and red fabric in her braided hair. A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear. A woman in bright clothes with a folded blanket on her head.	A woman holding a can.	neutral
A red-haired girl smiling sitting next to a brown-haired man who is also smiling. A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed. A man and a woman smile for the camera while standing outside. A man and a woman in front of the yellow flowers.	A couple posing for a picture.	entailment
The baseball player wearing the " Irish " uniform prepares to throw the ball to his teammate as the umpire watches closely. A baseball player in a green jersey is in the middle of a play, with the official standing in the frame. A baseball player is passing the ball, while a man walks across the camera 's view. A baseball player who plays for the Irish is trying to make an out.	Men walk dogs.	contradiction
Woman, outside, wearing a blue shirt, touching her forehead. A lady in a blue shirt has a shopping bag under her left arm. A woman with long dark hair is scratching her forehead. The attractive lady in the blue blouse is walking.	A woman standing.	entailment
The band Lynyrd Skynyrd performing on a stage that has trees painted on a red background. Lynyrd Skynyrd is performing at a concert. Lynyrd Skynyrd stands at the mic on stage. Lynyrd Skynyrd performing on stage.	A band playing music on stage.	entailment
A red-haired woman in a tank top and rolled up jeans sits atop a large rock in a wooded park, smiling at the camera. A woman in a dark tank top and cuffed jeans is smiling while sitting on top of a large rock or boulder outdoors. A woman sitting on a very large rock smiling at the camera with trees in the background. A woman reclines on top of a large rock with green trees in the background.	Two women posing for a photo.	contradiction
A man in a leather jacket stands on a ladder by an image of a smiling lady holding a turkey dinner. A person standing on a ladder against a wall with a picture of a woman holding a plate of chicken. A man in a black jacket and blue jeans standing on a ladder in front of an Aunt Jemima sign. A man is standing on a ladder.	A man working with material.	contradiction
A man is standing on a ladder in front of a cross, while a person is holding the ladder. Group setting up a wooden cross near a large boulder. Men standing around, and working on ladders. A group of men climb ladders outdoors.	A man leaning over.	entailment
A girl in a white tank top with bows on it is walking with two other women behind her. Two girls are wet and behind them is a woman holding an open umbrella. Girls in the aftermath of a rainstorm continue on their way. A wet girl wearing a white shirt and a necklace.	Women kiss each other.	contradiction
A man is going upstairs in a museum or archaeological area. Artwork on stairs and covering the wall. A man is posing for a pic in a museum. A man with goatee rides an escalator.	A man stands.	entailment
A black dog and a brown dog close together. A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path. Two dogs, face to face, on a dirt road. Two dogs are playing together outside.	Dogs fighting.	neutral
A small black dog looks at a larger brown dog in a grassy field. The big brown dog looks at the small black dog in tall grass. A dog looks warily at the brown dog investigating his area. There is a big dog looking at a little dog.	A black dog running.	neutral
A woman in a gray and white striped shirt is jogging across a bridge. A woman in a striped shirt jogs next to water. A female runner jogging along beside a river. Female jogger runs along a river in a city.	A woman and her child walking.	contradiction
Two women, one wearing a scarf and the other wearing a broad brim hat, pound what may be food, on a primitive table with wooden mallets Two women in a house pounding a mixture on a long table. Two older Hispanic women are making food. Two old women making food.	Women preparing a meal.	entailment
A group of sled dogs in harness is standing together in the snow. Several dogs grouped together in a winter setting. Pack of sled dogs in the snow, one barking. Four dogs playing in the snow.	A dog doing a stunt.	contradiction
Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet. Two older girls hold a younger girl between them indoors. Two girls hold up their younger sister. Two girls lift a third girl.	A child looks out.	contradiction
A man in white pants plays the guitar, singing, as two other band members play along and dance. A man in white pants is playing music with a man in a red shirt and a man in a gray shirt. Three men are playing guitars, singing, and dancing on a stage in a club setting. Young musicians in concert at night.	Men skydiving.	contradiction
The man in the yellow t-shirt sat cross-legged on the couch as he listened to the woman on his right talk. A man and a woman are sitting on a couch next to other people behind a table full of papers. A group of people sitting around a living room chatting. A group of people drinking and talking	A group socializing.	entailment
Cowboy is riding a bucking horse in a red shirt, blue jeans, and cowboy boots in a rodeo. A cowboy wearing a pink shirt attempting to ride a bucking horse. A cowboy in a pink shirt is riding a bucking horse. A cowboy is riding a bucking bronco at the rodeo.	Guys joking around.	contradiction
Two male clowns, one in a plaid suit and the other in black, performing a musical number in a theater setting. Two clowns dressed in makeup and elaborate clothing stand together with their instruments. Two men in clown makeup, one with a ukulele, stand in front of a microphone. Two men in clown makeup are performing a musical skit on stage.	A dark-haired man speaking into a microphone.	neutral
A man playing soccer is on the ground picking up the ball from the field while the game is in play. A rugby player in red and black attempts to score as he is descended upon by members of both teams. One man dives for the ball as other players attempt control during a soccer game. Two groups of boys are playing a sport together involving a ball	A man falls.	contradiction
A tree service employee is wearing safety equipment while up in a lift to trim some branches. Person in a cherry-picker working on a palm tree. A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree. A man on a lift is inspecting a tree.	Men dancing.	contradiction
Four large men are eating together in what looks like a food-eating contest. Four men are eating off of small white plates. Several men are eating off plates. Men compete in an eating contest.	An older man stands talking.	contradiction
A lone person in a red boat on a wild river with only one oar This person in a red kayak faces a challenge in the rapids. A kayaker crashes against the force of the wave. A person river rafting.	A man sculpting.	contradiction
A little girl is holding a younger little girl and running with her. A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk. A girl in a pink skirt runs holding a her sister. A girl in a pink dress carries a younger girl.	Children embrace.	entailment
Japanese people in traditional and formal dress attending a ceremony. Many spectators in suits are gathered for a temple ceremony. A Japanese crowded is gathered for an event. An event takes place at a Japanese temple.	A crowd standing.	entailment
A woman in knee-high black boots shows a guy how to dance while a man plays a lute-guitar on a small stage. A man and a woman are dancing together beside a man playing music. Man and woman do a dance together with money all over the floor. A couple performs in the street.	Women walking past another woman.	contradiction
A small furry brown dog is running on the shore of the ocean. A brown dog running along the dirt shore of a stream Dog running away from woman on the seashore. A small dog running on a beach.	An animal walking.	entailment
Two men performing a piece of music, one in a plaid shirt singing into a microphone and the other in all black strumming an acoustic guitar. A man in a plaid shirt is singing while his friend is trying to play the music. Two guys performing on stage, one playing guitar the other singing. One man using a microphone, another with a guitar.	A guy sits.	contradiction
Three women walk together down the street and past a graffiti covered building. Three women are walking behind a woman with a maroon shirt. Three women are walking down a street. Women walking down a city sidewalk.	A crowd gathered.	contradiction
A young child is kneeling and looking at a small creature inside a glass case. A boy in a white shirt is looking through the glass at a little creature. A young boy looks through the glass at an aquarium at a stingray. A child looks at rodents in a glass display.	Several children laughing.	contradiction
Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire. One firefighter is smiling at another firefighter. Two firefighters look at a building. Two fireman having a laugh	A group standing.	entailment
A Corona sign and Bud Light Ashtray adorn a stilted building with a man in a yellow polo standing on the right. A bar with signs advertising beers such as Bud Light and Corona. A blue restaurant that sits in the water. A small tavern that serves corona extra.	A man standing beside a shop.	contradiction
A woman in glasses has her eyes wide open while she is at the dentist. Lady with a green mask at the dentist and she just look very unhappy. A person wearing glasses is prepped for some kind of dental work. A woman with glasses is undergoing a dental procedure.	A woman having a procedure done.	entailment
A group of people on a riverbank some sitting on the grass some standing. Several people sitting and standing on a grassy area next to the water. A group of people are gathered near the water. People gather in a grassy area near a lake.	Girls sit on a street.	contradiction
Two dark-haired girls with pigtails in the water wearing red bathing suits. Two young girls in red bathing suits swimming in the water. Two young girls playing in the water. Two girls swim in the ocean.	Children swimming in a pool.	contradiction
A cowboy in a white outfit just got bucked off an angry bull. A man falls off a bull at a rodeo show. Men at a rodeo try to tame a bull. Cowboys participate in a rodeo.	A cowboy thrown off a bucking horse.	contradiction
A woman sits next to a harbor where boats are docked near people shopping People sit on a stone pillar in front of a number of docked boats. A dock with multiple people sitting on the pier. A woman is looking at her phone near the water.	Two men sitting on the floor.	contradiction
A girl with a white backpack is standing and smaller children are sitting in a row on the ground. A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house. Group of children and some adults gathered outside stone buildings. A lady stands on the street, surrounded by school children.	Some boys dancing.	contradiction
On a grassy lawn, a man (seen only from the floral shorts-clad hips downward) stands by as a standing child with shoulder-length hair hands a beach ball to a younger seated child with curly hair; both children wear t-shirts and shorts. A little girl offers a ball to an upset toddler on a grassy field while a man in Bermuda shorts stands behind them. A small child handing a volleyball to an infant. A brother and a sister playing outside	A father watches.	neutral
An Asian man rides a horse and performs a gesture while extending a sword from his right hand. A contestant in horseback swordfighting- the crowd looks on. A man riding a horse in some sort of Chinese dueling sport. A man riding a horse while holding a sword.	A bull rider rides a brown and white animal.	contradiction
Baskets of fresh cabbage, tomatoes, beans and other produce sit outside in an open air market. A local market boasts a wide variety of fruits and vegetables. A picture of a fruit and vegetable store. Fresh fruits and vegetable stand.	Vegetables sit in baskets.	entailment
Fat man in white shirt stops moped and puts left foot on the ground. A man in a white shirt, on a motor scooter waiting for traffic. A large man is stopped at an intersection on a scooter. A man stopped at an intersection riding a scooter.	Asian man watches.	neutral
Three men in white t-shirts smile at the camera while sitting on their bicycles. Three people smile as they wait for their race to start. Three bikers in white shirts all smile for a picture. Three sports persons posing for the photo	Three men riding bikes.	entailment
A smiling young man in a blue-striped shirt prepares to take a photo, using a camera with a large flash attachment. A smiling Caucasian male wearing a blue and black striped shirt it about to take a photograph. The man in the blue striped shirt is taking a picture and is very happy. A photographer prepares his camera for a shot.	Old men sitting down.	neutral
A male ski enthusiast dressed in black sits down under a ski lift while a younger child wearing a gray, orange and white ski jacket stand next to him. A snowboarder and a skier are taking a break near the lift. Skiers resting and waiting for the next ski lift. Two people at the top of a ski lift.	Military men stand.	contradiction
A man sitting on a chair with a beer in his hands roasting something to eat on a wooden stick. A man having a beer and roasting a hotdog the old fashioned way on a stick over a fire pit. A man wearing all black and holding a green can roasts a large hotdog on a stick. A person with a can holds a hotdog on a stick.	Guy waiting.	neutral
A group of people are circled around four people playing various drums. A man in a purple shirt playing a drum in front of a crowd of people. A man playing a djembe in a crowd of people. The performer is playing a drum.	A man has a tattoo.	neutral
Two hockey players and a referee are close together as the referee prepares to drop the puck on the ice. Two hockey players, one in white and one in black, line up for the face-off. Two hockey players are waiting for a puck to be dropped by a referee. The bruins play hockey against an opposing team.	A referee talking.	entailment
Many people are running together in a marathon, two people in the front have Indian headdresses on. A group of people are running, and some of the runners are wearing the Native Americans headdress. People running in a race, two of them are wearing brightly colored Indian headdresses. A crowd of people are running in a race.	A man running with a football.	contradiction
We are singing the popular song for you all. A band with two females playing instruments Two women giving a musical performance. Women in a rock band perform on stage.	A person sings.	entailment
A group of Japanese women wearing matching outfits walking across a crosswalk while passersby stare. A crowded street with a few people wearing white shirts and polka dotted skirts walking in a line. There are many people outside, including a group of girls all wearing polka dot skirts. Large crowd congregating in a busy street.	Girls cross a street.	entailment
A friend photo with two boys looking at each other while the girl looks at the camera smiling. A man and a woman in a gray business shirt pose with a man in an orange shirt. A group of friends posing for a photo. A candid moment between three friends.	Two men chasing a calf.	contradiction
An older boy drinks from a water fountain while a younger boy watches. Two boys stand near a drinking fountain as one takes a drink. Two boys are getting drinks out of a water fountain. Two boys are at an outdoor water fountain.	A little boy makes a face.	contradiction
A girl in a hat sit on a beach while talking on her cellphone. Woman in hat and talking on cellphone sitting on the beach. A woman sits on the beach while talking on her cellphone. A lady sits in the sand on the beach.	A group walking.	contradiction
A man in a blue-plaid shirt and white hat, backdropped by a stone wall performs an unknown task while standing atop a platform. A man with a white camp is standing on a platform in front of a large black cylinder device, and fabric on a clothesline. A man wearing a white cap standing a platform. A man stands upon his charcoal grill.	A man reaches out.	neutral
A woman in a blue plaid shirt and sunglasses scratches her face as she walks down the street. A woman scratches her cheek as she walking down a sidewalk alone. A woman walks down the street while scratching her face. A woman walking in the evening down a city street.	A woman perusing.	entailment
A child in a blue shirt is holding something in his hand on a lake shore. The little boy is at the side of the river throwing rocks. A little boy is ready to throw a stone into the water. A boy skips rocks near a bridge.	A boy stands.	entailment
Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window. A group of people are parading town a cobbled road seemingly celebrating with traditional costumes and props. A performing arts group participate in a small parade. A girl and two guys from a carnival	A crowd walking.	entailment
A man with a yellow jacket and white hat stands in the midst of many plants. A man with a white hat standing around in bushed and plants. A man in a yellow jacket is standing in a field. An older gentlemen standing in the brush.	A man walking down a brick street.	contradiction
A woman wearing a green shirt and a white skirt is standing with her arms crossed. A woman in a green shirt and white skirt stands alone with arms crossed. Mixed ethnic girl posing in green. A hooker on a street corner.	A woman looks into the camera.	neutral
Two dogs, one with a tennis ball in his mouth, play together in the snow. Two dogs play with a tennis ball in the snow. Two dogs playing with a ball in the snow. Two dog play in the snow.	A dog relaxes.	neutral
A crowd of people are seated together and most are wearing some type of red clothing or hat. Thousands of fans at an outdoors event wearing white and red T-shirts. A group of fans at a stadium are wearing red and cheering. Here is a picture of a people in a sports stadium.	Crowd surfing.	contradiction
A brown and white dog running out of the woods through snow. A dog running through snow with trees in the background A German Shepherd playing in the snow near the woods. A large German Shepherd runs through deep snow.	Dog jumping over a hurdle.	contradiction
Wrestler spinning outside of the rink toward fellow wrestler. A professional wrestler falls outside the ring. A wrestler jumps over the ropes. Two wrestlers and a referee.	Fighters fighting.	entailment
Here is an announcement for everybody about the beach. A hard working man speaks his mind into his megaphone. A man in a blue plaid shirt speaking into a megaphone. A man in a blue shirt is speaking into a megaphone.	A guy fishing.	contradiction
A little girl in blue jeans, sneakers, a pink top and a brown jacket is jumping up on the sidewalk. The little girl wearing blue jeans and a pink shirt is practicing hopping for the camera. A young girl jumps in the air on a sidewalk with houses and cars in the background. A little girl jumping in excitement.	Boy learning.	contradiction
An Asian toddler has fallen asleep on her mother 's shoulder. A child sleeps while being held by her mother. A young mother carrying her sleeping daughter. A baby girl is asleep on someone 's shoulder.	An Asian woman takes a photo.	contradiction
Here is a picture of a toddler girl wearing a dress and eating a cookie and holding a bottle of cold water. A small girl is sitting on stairs drinking water and eating a snack. A girl is sitting on a stoop with a bottle of water and a snack. A little girl in a dress sits on the steps to have a snack.	A child with curly hair sitting.	neutral
A skateboarder flies through the air over the staircase of a sleek contemporary building. Skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings. People sitting on steps with large buildings in the background Someone skateboarding over steps surrounded by buildings.	A skater leaps.	entailment
Several people are posing for a photo with the naked cowboy in NYC. Three women and a man dressed as the " naked cowboy " in New York. Passersby interact with New York 's Naked Cowboy. Three women posing with the naked cowboy.	Men stop on a sidewalk.	neutral
A girl lying down reading at a park with people minding their own business. A woman with sunglasses is laying down on grass, reading a book. A girl is laying in the grass and a man is sitting on a rock. A woman reads her book at a local city park.	A girl laying on the ground.	entailment
An ancient city with people walking the streets. People in front of a beige five story building. The corner of a building, from the street. A building with people outside.	A group stands in front of a building.	entailment
In front of a laundromat and The Gulch of San Francisco, there is a man down on the ground, a man on a cellphone, and a couple of women walking by. A man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches. The man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack. Person in blue laying in the middle of a street.	A man and a woman playing instruments.	contradiction
A man is sitting in a tiny bathtub, smiling at the camera with a candle lit in the background. An older man sitting in a very small bathtub with a candle lit, looking at the camera. A man soaking in a tiny bathtub in a bathroom illuminated by a candle in a wine bottle. A middle-aged man is bathing in a sink.	A man relaxes.	entailment
A player in a red uniform gets ready to kick the ball during a soccer match, as the crowd watches. A man in a red soccer uniform getting ready to kick the ball. A man in a red uniform runs towards a soccer ball on a field. A soccer player in red uniform runs after a soccer ball.	A man leans in.	neutral
There is a man wrapped in a blanket of some sort sliding down a hill that is covered in snow. A cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snowy hill. A young man is smiling as he has fun sliding down a hill A Guy is riding on something, down a snow hill	A man running down a hill.	entailment
A group of people are at a club watching a performance. People watching other people perform on stage. Erotic show with guests looking onwards. People at a bar enjoying a performance	A man dancing.	neutral
A person with long hair and a black coat stands in the street in front of a bus while people on the sidewalk look on. A woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus. The person looks cautiously into traffic to be sure no car is coming. A person stands in front of a white and red bus.	Man standing.	contradiction
A guy and a girl wearing baseball caps and black scarves around their necks. A woman wearing a hat leans over to a man who has a tattoo. A closeup of a man and woman wearing hats with pins on them Two people sit side by side up against a tree.	Girls standing next to a man.	entailment
Players 24, 33, and 57, are dressed in white, blue, and yellow jerseys on the football field. A young boy in a blue, orange, and white football has a look of surprise on his face. A young boy wearing # 24 uniform is yelling during a football game. A young boy in a football uniform has an excited look on his face.	A child digging.	contradiction
Two African-American women are standing in a city wearing tutus, one white and one blue. Two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another. Two adult women in tutus and sunglasses are having a conversation. Two women in tutus and leg warmers stop for a chat.	Elderly ladies talking.	neutral
Barefoot women wearing orange and magenta saris are performing a dance. Indian dancers dressed festively in red and orange at a performance. Colorful Bollywood dancers in action on a stage. Many women dancing in their traditional way.	A group dancing.	entailment
Some type of ceremony or concert is taking place as the photo is being taken from the middle aisle with the audience watches all the different string instruments play with the violinist in black taking center stage. Violinist, dressed in black, performing a concert, for members of the church. A classical string ensemble performs in a church to an attentive audience. A small string orchestra plays in a church where a crowd looks on.	A group of men playing music.	neutral
A man leads a lama down a street past a vendor and a man bringing out the trash. A llama is lead by two people down a busy street. A llama is standing on the side of the street. Two people and llama are on the street.	An animal rearing up.	neutral
A group of people (most or all girls) sits Indian style in a line in an extremely dark area. A row of women dressed in black sitting on the floor. A row of girls dressed in black sit on a stage. A group of children sit on stage.	Girls watch.	neutral
A drummer plays the drums, while wearing a black dress shirt, and black and gray striped tie. A man in a dark shirt and tie is playing the drums. A white male is playing the drums. Man with Mohawk is playing drums.	A man sits.	entailment
Two people playing outside in the snow, smiling at a duck. Two ladies in winter clothes playing with a duck and snow. Two young women are playing with a duck in the snow. Two women in the snow looking and smiling at a duck.	A bird flying.	contradiction
A man in the street with an upside down bike standing outside the back of a car with the hatch open. A man works on a bicycle that 's set upside down in front of two cars. Man repairs upturned bicycle behind a car with open trunk A man in red pants working on his bike with a wrench.	A man exercising.	contradiction
An oriental young man is closely examining a small object in his hand, among two boxes on a table filled with what looks like ribbon. An Asian male focuses on building something at a workbench. A young man is paying close attention to his work. A young man closely examining a small metal part.	A man sitting down on a chair.	neutral
Some football players in red uniforms are practicing in a football field. A football team is seen making plays, blocking, catching and running. There are football players in red running drills near the end zone. Kansas City Chiefs practicing football at training camp.	A group jumping on a field.	contradiction
A man wearing a black hat, white shirt, and black slacks is walking down a road with a cane. A man with a cowboy hat, cane and suspenders walks down a country road. An Amish man walking down a country road. The man with the cane is on a walk.	A man walking near a street.	entailment
A line of people at a carnival game, with one woman failing her right arm. A lady throwing an object at a target trying to win a prize at a carnival. A woman is attempting to knock over a glass by throwing a potato. A group of people are at a fair playing a game.	A man standing while talking on his cellphone.	contradiction
A schoolgirl in glasses and a gray jumper with a red tie runs through an outdoor fountain while four friends watch. A young girl in her school uniform dances in a water sculpture in the middle of a crowded public square. A girl in uniform running through the water fountain gushing water from the tiles. Schoolgirl playing in a fountain.	A child running through sprinklers.	entailment
A woman is standing in the middle of the sidewalk at night. A woman is standing on the sidewalk late in the evening. A girl with blond hair on a pathway looking at the sky. A woman standing outside at dawn.	A girl walking down a street.	entailment
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler. A baby touches the man 's face while he is lying down. A little baby holds the head of his older brother A baby plays with a young boy s face.	An infant sitting.	neutral
A woman and a child are sitting on a motorized police vehicle. An adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle. A woman and little boy sits on a police motorcycle. A woman and boy sit on a police motorcycle.	A woman smiles for the camera.	neutral
A woman opens a present while taking a break from her beer. A woman opens a present while drinking beer Brown headed woman opens a red package A female is opening up a present.	A woman smiles.	entailment
A tan man with short, black hair wearing a full body wetsuit is surfing on a white board. Man in a black bodysuit is surfing in the ocean. A man in a black wetsuit surfing. A man surfs in the water.	A man rides a surfboard.	entailment
A youth wearing a shirt and tie crouching down and giving the peace sign. A group of Asian students in their uniforms. An Asian girl is flashing the peace-sign. A girl is holding up the peace sign.	Girl posing for the camera.	entailment
A football player in a white jersey has his hand on a football player in a green jersey who is in the air. A team of players the middle of a football game. A player is being tackled during football game. A college football player making a tackle.	Teams of women playing volleyball.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt, and black shorts is walking down the street, holding hands with a woman in a black sundress. Various pedestrians walk down a pathway in the daylight. People walk down the street on a sunny day. People are walking down a road together.	A group walking down a street in a city.	entailment
A man with two hiking sticks stands atop a cliff with a beautiful mountain view in the background. A man at the top of a mountain in a large mountain range. A mountain climber on the summit of a high peak. A male hiker high in the mountains.	Someone stands.	entailment
An Asian man in traditional clothing sounds a large horn in a pleasant mountain landscape. A man on a grassy hillside wearing traditional clothing is blowing a long horn. A man is standing on a mountaintop blowing a long wooden horn. A man is using a telescope with mountains in the background.	A man playing a pipe.	contradiction
A man and a woman are each playing acoustic guitars on stage, surrounded by speakers and microphones. A woman in a black dress plays an acoustic guitar and a man in a gray suit plays a violin guitar. A well-dressed man and woman are singing on stage under the lights. Two people play guitar on a large stage.	Performers playing instruments.	entailment
A man and a woman wearing chef 's uniforms having a conversation next to a park bench. The man in white is talking to the women by the bench. A man in a chef hat is talking to a woman in a chef hat Two people dressed as cooks speak to each other.	Chefs stand on a street.	entailment
A man wearing a black jacket sets up his ice cream stand with the help of a small boy wearing a dark blue sweater and a girl holding the pole decorated with cotton candy bags. A small ice cream stand with two people standing near it. A child getting a treat at the ice cream stand. A man and a child are looking at ice cream.	A man selling food.	entailment
Five men, all white and somewhat old, are playing various musical instruments. Five men performing with musical instruments on a wooden platform in a stone room. A stringed quartet playing with a pianist inside and old room with stone walls. A string quartet practices for an up-coming performance.	Musicians playing on a stage.	entailment
A man with facial hair and a hat stands next to a woman in a red hat in front of a staircase. A man in a brown hat and bowtie with a woman in a red flower hat. A man wearing a gray hat stands with a woman wearing a red hat. A man and a woman in hats near a flight of stairs.	The man is drawing attention to himself.	neutral
A man in a white jacket is on top of a roof sanding it down while standing on a wooden ledge. A man wearing a white cap and white sweatshirt working on a roof. A roofer is patching up a hut in a village. Man working on a straw roof	Men pushing.	contradiction
A man doing a flip off of dock into the water with some children watching and a boat in the background. A group of children are watching another child do a backflip into the water. A young boy is jumping head first from a dock into the water. A young child diving into the lake.	A bunch of childrensitting.	contradiction
Caucasian male, wearing a red and white cap, black leather jacket, with a blue sweater underneath, smiling and giving a thumbs up, while holding a green can of beer. Man with hat and sunglasses gives the camera a thumbs up. A man holding a beer can is giving a thumb up. A man wearing sunglasses gives a thumbs up.	A man takes a break.	neutral
Two men are sitting in chairs in front of a building while a group of people climb a set of steps. There are two men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella. Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy. Two gondoliers sitting in Venice	A child resting.	contradiction
A young boy is being buried in the sand by a girl of about the same age, though he is still smiling. A dark-haired boy is smiling as a dark-haired girl buries him in the sand. A boy is being covered in sand at the beach. Smiling boy buried in sand up to his waist.	Another man spectating.	contradiction
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows. A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows. A person and a black dog are walking through the snow. A person hiking up a hill in the snow with a dog.	Several women walking.	contradiction
Young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt, who has a red toy crab on the table next to him. A group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking. A man in a black and white shirt is reading a book while two men look at him. People gathered around a guy sitting on a table.	A man watching another man doing something.	entailment
An Asian man is walking a dusty bike through a street with some ramshackle structures on its side. A man in a blue shirt and black pants carries a bike and a large wooden thing. A man in a blue shirt walking a bicycle loaded with a large box on the back. Man carrying a large load on the back of his bike while walking.	A man selling food to a man.	contradiction
A lone snowboarder jumping in the air on a snowy mountain A guy making a snowboarding move on a slope. A snowboarder in midair over a snow hill. A snowboarder performing a trick.	Snowboarder slides.	entailment
A red firetruck is parked beside a group of people and kids standing in the street. A group of people with a fire engine in the background. A group of people are standing beside a firetruck. A group of people in front of a red firetruck.	A group standing around a truck.	entailment
Three teenage girls rolling all over each other on the ground, laughing Three girls pile on top of each other on the concrete. Three young girls play wrestling and laugh a lot. Three girls playing on the ground.	Children fell.	neutral
A group of four young children, three girls and one boy are sitting on the floor inside, with a bottle of water in front of the girl wearing glasses. There are several Asian children sitting cross legged on a concrete floor. The children in class are sitting on the floor. Three girls are sitting on the floor.	Children looking at rocks.	contradiction
A concert band is playing a holiday song for a Christmas event; many of the members including the conductor in the leather jacket are wearing Santa hats, while Christmas decorations adorn the outdoor white venue. A brass band, with many members wearing Santa Claus hats, is conducted by a man wearing a leather jacket while playing under a temporary bandshell. A band playing a musical piece near Christmas time. A band plays while wearing Santa hats.	Musicians playing instruments.	entailment
These two ladies are reading a sign while shading themselves from the sun with their umbrellas. Two Asian women wear sandals, long silk robes and hold umbrellas. Two women with umbrellas are looking at a display. Two Asian women with umbrellas looking at a sign.	Ladies standing.	entailment
A black and white dog is swimming through some water. A dog swims through the water. A dog swims through water. Dog swims in the water	A dog paddles.	entailment
Two male workers are observing another smiling male worker while he does his job. Two men watching another man in a blue hard hat working. Two men watch as a man in a blue hard hat makes repairs. Three construction workers working on something.	A man stands on the side of a boat.	contradiction
A blue-robed and hooded figure is walking past occupied tables in an upper-class room. A person dressed in a blue hooded cloak with several people in the background. A figure in blue robes walks around in a hotel lobby. A person in a scary gray robe.	Some men singing.	contradiction
Cyclists, wearing a white uniform and orange uniform, race against each other down the road. Helmeted cyclists on racing bikes pedal furiously toward the finish line. A small group of bicyclists are racing. Two cyclists racing to the finish line.	Racers run.	contradiction
A multicolor dog jumping to catch a tennis ball in a grassy field. A dog leaps while chasing a tennis ball through a grassy field. A dog is jumping to catch an object thrown at it. A dog and a tennis ball.	A black and white dog catches a toy.	entailment
Two children, one wearing blue, the other wearing red, competing to get a ball in a game. A boy and a girl in opposing team uniforms are chasing a soccer ball in an inside court. Two young boys playing indoor soccer, one wears blue and white, the other wears red. Two young boys playing indoor soccer, simultaneously chasing after the soccer ball.	Soccer players running.	entailment
A woman in a green shirt and black helmet struggles with a man in jeans and a light blue shirt. Crowd of people watch as woman wearing a black helmet and man in an aqua shirt fight. Person in motorcycle helmet physically engaged with a man on the street. Two people confronting each other in a crowd.	A man holding a beverage.	contradiction
A white man hugging a black man possibly giving condolences. A warm hug will always respond well. Two men hugging in a blurry photo. Two straight men share a hug.	Men greet each other.	entailment
A man walking a gray poodle is walking past a billboard with a cow on it. A busy sidewalk, overlooked by a painting of a cow. Three people walk by a mural of a cow. People walking in the platform.	A priest walking.	contradiction
An old man with a cowboy hat, cowboy boots, and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background. One man wearing a green jacket, blue jeans, boots and a gray cowboy hat standing beside a barn watching the sun A man standing at the corner of a barn wearing a green shirt staring into the sunset. A man stands looking in the distance as the sun peaks behind a wooden structure.	A man stands in front of a building.	entailment
Two people in winter clothing and a dog are walking along a beach Two people walking a dog on a beach in cold attire. Two people walk on the beach with a black dog. Couple take their dog for a walk on the beach.	A man and a woman walking.	entailment
A little boy splashes into the small pool at the end of a yellow slip n 'slide. A young boy splashes in a yellow wading poll while mom watches A young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube A young boy slides down a yellow water slide.	A child hanging while another child swings.	contradiction
Two men in midair fighting in a professional wrestling ring. Two wrestlers jump in a ring while an official watches. A wrestler throws another wrestler to the ground. Two men in a fight in a ring	Two men performing a routine.	neutral
Young Caucasian man in shorts, t-shirt, helmet and sunglasses mountain biking down a heavily wooded hill. A man wearing a helmet is riding his bike down rocky terrain. The boy on the bike is wearing safety glasses and a helmet. A man is riding his bicycle downhill in rough terrain.	Man walking.	contradiction
Two soccer players, from 2 opposing teams, seem to be in midair while playing soccer. Two soccer players fall down attempting to get to the ball. Two soccer players fall to the ground near the ball. Two soccer players collide trying to get the ball.	Men falling.	entailment
Two women of African descent, a dark-skinned man and western man in a white shirt posing for a photograph. Two guys pose with two women, everyone is wearing black and white. Several people are hugging each other inside a bar. Some people at a part gather to take a picture	A group paddling.	contradiction
A hockey player wearing a gold and white jersey getting ready to shoot the puck against two players wearing gold and black jerseys in an ice hockey arena. An ice hockey goalie guards the net while a few others play in front of him. A hockey player is attempting to take a shot on the opposing team 's goal. A hockey player attempting to score a goal	The bridesmaids watch.	contradiction
A bride standing in the middle of four men in tuxedos and three girls in teal dresses standing in front of the ocean. The bridal party is posing for a picture with the lake in the background. A bride and her wedding party stand in front of a lighthouse and water. A small wedding picture near a river.	Woman posing for a photo.	entailment
A girl is jumping off of a swing and landing on her feet. A young girl just jumped out of her yellow swing. A child jumping out of a yellow swing. A child is jumping off of a swing.	Children do cartwheels.	contradiction
A man dressed in a dark costume sitting at a restaurant table A man sitting at a table with a scary mask covering his face A person at a table, dressed in a black costume. A costumed figure leans into the dinner table.	Friends sit at a table.	contradiction
A man is building a wooden straight-backed chair. A man putting together a wooden chair. Carpenter building a wooden chair. A carpenter is fixing up a chair.	A man fetches the newspaper.	contradiction
Two girls with their arms holding a girl with a blue shirt and black belt around her upper body. Three girls are being loud and going crazy in a restaurant while one girl watches annoyed. A girl with a white shirt and black belt is dancing wildly with two female friends. Three young women goofing off at a bar.	Women partying.	entailment
Silver plane in a blue sky, ready to land with its wheels down, while spectators watch behind a high fence. An airplane flying over a fence with a few bystanders watching it as it approaches its landing. People watch as a plane flies over their heads at an airfield. A group of people are watching a plane flying low.	Group stands.	entailment
A baby is peeking over the top of a blue playpen. A baby looks out over the edge of its playpen. A baby is peeking his head over blue playpen. A baby peeking out from inside her cot	A small child standing.	entailment
A man wearing a red shirt is reaching out for his hat that fell while he is walking a tightrope. A man in a red shirt grabbing a top hat while standing on a rope with six other people looking on. A crowd of onlookers watch as a man performs a stunt involving a hat and some rope. A man is balancing on a rope in public with silver boots.	Man sitting.	contradiction
Man in a black suit smiles at a female in a black sleeveless dress at a formal event. A man in a suit talks to a woman in a black dress. A young woman is flirting with her handsome date. A man and woman enjoying dinner at a party.	Girl sitting on wall.	neutral
An open outdoor area with a fountain where people are gathered to talk with each other or wait for someone. Several people stand talking around an outdoor decorative fountain while a woman sits on a bench. People in clusters of twos and threes stand around an outdoor fountain. People gathered around a fountain having conversations.	Groups speaking.	entailment
Two women wearing sleeveless dresses are dancing. Two girls wearing white dance at night outside. Two women wearing white shirts are dancing. Two women dancing at night outside.	A woman learning.	contradiction
A white man with black clothing stands near the edge of a sidewalk with a bunch of people standing or walking around behind him. A man in a crowd appears in a city scene wearing a mostly black outfit with a graphic picture on his shirt. Man dressed in black stands on sidewalk facing away from crowd. A man dressed all in black, standing next to a curb.	A man standing on the corner of a street.	entailment
Two men support a third, all dressed in army camouflage, as the third man extinguishes a flame some distance away outdoors in an abandoned urban desert environment. Three U.S. Army soldiers with a hose trying to put out a fire. Three military officials are battling a fire by a building. Three soldiers trying to put out a fire with a fire hose.	Men using a water hose.	entailment
A man with a cowboy hat is talking with an older man. Three men wearing cowboy hats looking in distance. Three men sit contemplating their next bull ride. Three men in cowboy hats at a rodeo.	A mother sitting.	contradiction
A person wearing a black coat and a helmet with spiky things is posing on the lawn in front of a crowd of people. A performer putting on an act in front of a large crowd of people. A guy in a costume, a crowd watching him. A man standing in front of a crowd.	A group sitting on the grass.	neutral
Dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them. The dancers show great precision and balance with outstretched arms. Seven dancers in white outfits performing on a black stage. A group of women doing ballet on stage	A performer plays an instrument for a group.	contradiction
Two men in basement of house drinking bottled water one man wearing tool belt. A man with a tool belt talks to another man in a basement. Two working men take a water break. Two men talk in the garage.	Men stand.	neutral
Two people in bright green outfits are standing in an alley next to a motorcycle. Two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway. Two workers face each other wearing green attire. An alleyway with two city workers talking.	A man and a woman talking.	neutral
Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window. A girl dressed in red is walking down the street with two men on stilts behind her and a crowd of people walking in the background. A performing arts group participate in a small parade. A girl and two guys from a carnival	A group sitting around a table.	contradiction
A young boy, arms outstretched, stands by a road where two cars are passing. A boy wearing brown hitchhiking on a road with cars passing by. A child standing next to a road with automobiles passing by. A young kid standing on a road with passing cars.	Protesters standing.	contradiction
A snowboarder is catching air on a snowy hill while wearing protective snow gear. A person in an orange jacket jumping in the air in the snow. A snowboarder in an orange coat is in the middle of a jump. A man in an orange jacket is snowboarding.	A man climbing a snowy mountain.	contradiction
A young man in a blue shirt is sitting on a couch with a few more people having his hand in front of his mouth. A young man in a blue t-shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth while sitting on a couch. Profile shot of two men and a girl Four people watching something.	A boy sitting.	entailment
A white man wearing a blue shirt and black apron is ready to take down orders for food. A waiter in a blue basketball shirt at a restaurant. A red-haired bearded man wearing a blue t-shirt. A man in a blue shirt at a restaurant.	Men standing in front of a screen.	contradiction
Climbers dressed in warm clothing are at the base of a small mountain. Four hikers dressed in black and yellow attempt a massive mountain. Hikers walk along some tough terrain. People hiking at the mountain	Three men walking on a street.	contradiction
Six men wearing white with colored accessories are dancing. People are walking in a parade, as other people watch. A group of dancers is performing for a crowd. Men are dancing in the street	A balding man waving.	contradiction
A young man in a green shirt standing at the side of the street next to a vehicle with a child inside. A young man standing by a car with a boy inside looking at the camera. A man in a green shirt is standing beside a car on the street. A man standing by a white car.	A guy has a hat on.	neutral
A parachuter is flying over the ocean with waves and mist in the background. A person with a red and white parachute is hovering over the grassy shore. A man parasailing over the ocean with the coastline in the background. A person is parasailing over a body of water and wooded area.	Someone talking.	contradiction
Two teams, one wearing red jerseys and helmets and one wearing white jerseys and yellow helmets, are playing football on a grass field. Two football teams in aggressive play, one team in red and the other team wearing white with yellow helmets. Two teams play a game of football; the yellow helmet team has possession of the ball and is advancing. A play happening at a local high school football game.	A man carrying a football.	entailment
A woman in brown is holding her child in front of an Asian-inspired building. A woman holding a small child is standing outside a Chinese restaurant. A woman holding a baby is standing outside a Chinese building. The outside of an Asian building at night.	A woman poses.	entailment
A construction worker dressed in a white shirt and blue jeans is standing on a latter outside of an apartment building. A man walking on boards while holding onto a large ladder leaning against a house. A man in a white t-shirt standing on scaffolding. Construction workers working on a building.	A guy dancing.	contradiction
Two little white dogs are playing outside in the snow. Two little white dogs are playing in the snow. Two white dogs run through a field with snow. Two white dogs running in the snow.	A black dog and another dog fighting.	contradiction
A woman using her cellphone on a sidewalk with three people talking amongst themselves in the background. A woman wearing a blue skirt is looking at something on her phone. A woman looking at a cellphone while standing on a sidewalk. A young woman looking at her cellphone.	A woman points.	neutral
Person sitting at a table with many empty glasses, and a mostly empty bottle on the table, along with a small brown bird. A woman wearing glasses is sitting down at a table with glasses, a bottle, and a bird on it. Older woman stares at a little bird at table covered with glasses. An older woman has a drink, and a little bird comes to join her.	An animal standing on a table.	entailment
The two dogs are interested in the gravel ground surrounded by concrete. Two dogs are both curious about the object on the sidewalk. Two small dogs search the ground for something. Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.	A dog looks at a black dog.	neutral
A group of people dressed in red and blue stand in front of a door arch. Asian men are standing outside a Japanese building in colorful clothing. Five people are standing under an Asian archway. Persons standing underneath an arch way.	Guard standing.	contradiction
Two rock and roll performers on stage playing their guitars performing in front of a crowd. Two men with long hair are playing guitars on stage. To me, it looks like a hard Rock singer, on stage. Some rock musicians are playing at a concert.	A man in a hat playing an instrument.	entailment
A dirt biker in red speeds on clay road while being videotaped by a man in black. An off road biker is photographed as he performs another stunt in the dirt. A person riding on a dirt bike while someone takes a picture. The guy in red on a dirt bike is getting photographed.	A man rides his bicycle up a rocky hill.	entailment
A girl wearing a black t-shirt is holding a small pizza in a kitchen setting. Woman who just took pizza out of the oven and ca n't wait to eat it. A young woman is ready to eat the pizza. The young lady is looking at the pizza.	A woman bending over.	contradiction
Asian children dressed in red and yellow, and wearing black knee pads, rollerskate outdoors over vast, shiny tile. Three small children in yellow shirts and one in a red shirt are rollerblading on a shiny marble courtyard. Four kids, one wearing a red shirt and three wearing yellow, rollerblade through a square. Children are rollerblading in a courtyard.	Children chasing each other.	neutral
A man wearing sunglasses, white shirt, and a smile plays the drums. A man with a beard, and wearing sunglasses, is playing the drums. A happy guy wearing sunglasses plays the drum on a sunny day. A sun-glassed man plays the drums.	Two men playing an instrument.	neutral
People standing around one getting a ride in a car. A guy is communicating with someone in a car. Two men get dropped off in a town square. The middle of the town and townspeople.	Men talking on a street in a city.	neutral
A man in the snow wearing a furry hat and a black jacket with a red scarf The man is wearing a scarf, jacket, and a furry hat on a snowy day. A man with a goatee wears a fur hat in the snow. A man wearing a hat in a snowstorm.	Man stands.	entailment
The boy in the black t-shirt is jumping his skateboard over a railing near a path. A boy on a skateboard sliding on a rail. A boy jumps high on his skateboard. Man skateboarding	A skateboarder skateboarding.	entailment
A group of people at some kind of an event with police officers in the background. A group of trendy young people are standing outside. Lady in a black T-shirt, standing with others. A woman standing in a crowd of people.	A beautiful woman walking.	contradiction
Two men, one kneeling and one squatting, are posing in front of a clear wall with shops in the background. Two teenagers in green and brown coats pose for a picture while out shopping. Two dudes kneeling down on the ground, making a hand gesture to the sky. Two tourists striking a funny pose in an airport.	A family poses.	contradiction
A man with a plaid shirt and black hat sits on top of a white horse talking with another man wearing a black shirt and white cowboy hat sitting on a brown horse. An older man, a middle-aged man, and young man are each sitting on a horse and looking in various directions, in a corral near a large tree. A man and young boy get ready to ride their horses while out and about on the ranch. An older man watching as a younger man fiddles with something on his horse.	Two man sitting on animals.	entailment
An older man wearing a white t-shirt running in front of a group of three in the background. A man is running a race while being watched by others. A man is wearing a number on his white shirt. An older man is jogging outside in an event.	A woman jumping rope.	contradiction
Man with long blond hair playing red electric guitar. A man with long blond hair playing a red guitar Person with blond flyaway hair playing guitar A man rocks out on stage with his guitar.	A man cycling.	contradiction
An older white man is speaking to another white woman in front of a wall wearing nice business suits. A man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses. Dennis Hopper looks to be talking to Cristy Ally. An elderly couple having a conversation.	Chefs talk.	contradiction
During this wedding family tries to find the solution to a problem. Closeup of three well dressed African-American men on a dance floor Three men are visiting at a dressy gathering. Three black men conversing in formal attire.	Men talking.	entailment
Four young Asian boys hold bowls and chopsticks as they stand around a barbecue. Four young boys are standing around a grill. Four young teens having fun at a cookout. A group of Asians smiling and eating.	A group squatting.	contradiction
An Asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercises on basketball court. Several people are participating in an athletics class. Various people on a basketball court. People dancing in front of an instructor	A man training.	entailment
A man in a white shirt is standing in the grass showing something to a woman in a white shirt. A guy and a girl, both wearing white shirts and jeans, stand under a flowering tree. A man and woman standing underneath the tree are talking. A man and a woman are talking in a park	A couple standing.	entailment
Six men are sitting in a small boat in the water apparently moored to an unseen dock. Six men, two wearing hats, are sitting in a small boat on the water. Six men in a large canoe-type boat on calm waters. Six people in a boat floating in the water.	Men relax.	entailment
Kids dressed in similar outfits stand on the steps of a building, laugh and smile while watching a man and woman dance together in the sun. A group of college students sitting on steps watching a couple dance. A group of people watching a young lady and man. A group of people are sitting on steps.	Teens sit.	neutral
A man and a woman are talking to another man, and there is a computer in front of them. Business people talk after making a presentation. Three people gathering at a conference. Three well dressed individuals talking.	Two men converse.	entailment
A child is being swung by her arms while another child watches. A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand. A child is sprawled underneath a blanket in midair. The little girl is being swung around by her arms.	A child doing a jump.	contradiction
A white woman wearing headphones and a blue and white striped scarf walks down the street with two black people walking behind her. A woman wearing a scarf and headphones walking down the street. A woman walks down the street listening to her mp3 player. A young woman is listening to music.	A girl walking on a sidewalk.	entailment
Four children are in an industrial kitchen looking at a recipe with the ingredients on the table in front of them. Four children are reading a recipe in a professional kitchen while the ingredients are laid out on the table. Four children hover over a recipe for soup in a cooking competition. Four children are following a recipe for food.	A group is reading.	entailment
A white dog is walking through the leafy grass while a brown dog is about to bite it. One white dog and one brown dog playing with a stick. A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass A brown dog chasing a white dog.	Dogs run through the leaves.	entailment
A semi truck with a cement mixer on the trailer attached to it is parked on the street near a driveway. A cement truck is depositing cement onto a city street. A cement truck in front of a driveway. A cement truck pouring cement.	A woman walking by.	neutral
Two young men one in a yellow sweatshirt and the other has no top on they are tossing a piece of green material. Kid in yellow and shirtless kid tossing fabric in the air. Two males are staring at a floating object. Two men throwing a rug in the air	Men standing outside.	neutral
Two women with headdress talking in the foreground with two men in a different kind of headdress in the background. Two women are having a conversation while two men discuss something in the background. Two women starting the day with a fulfilling conversation. Two women and two men are talking in pairs.	Some men sit in chairs.	neutral
A man works with some machinery on a subway car or train. A man is operating a chain to work on a train. Man works on lowering a train on tracks. A mechanic working on a train.	A man standing between waterfalls.	contradiction
A woman selling fresh vegetables on the streets in her cart. A woman sells vegetables out of a mobile street cart. A woman with a cart of vegetables. Asian woman with a produce cart.	A woman standing next to a cart.	entailment
A man is bending overlooking at something on the beach with a bag and stick in his hand. A man wearing a sailor hat looks intently at the sand on the shore as the water recedes. An elderly person picked up trash on a beach. A man stands on the shore of a beach.	A woman stands.	contradiction
A man in a hat and blue jacket is using a contraption to cut ice on what looks like a frozen pond in winter. A man in a hat operates machinery on smooth ice in the winter. A man in blue is working outside on a patch of ice. One man cutting through ice on a cold day.	A man pushes the equipment.	entailment
A brown dog is lying on a grassy field as the wind blows through his fur. A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain. The dog is running through the grass in the sun. A dog playing in the grass.	A golden retriever running.	neutral
Several boys play on scooters on a street as a yellow truck is parked nearby. African American children playing in a street in front of a yellow car. Some kids are playing with their skateboards in the street. Children playing in a street on makeshift skateboards.	A group rides down a hill.	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and sunglasses on top of his head, is lying with his head resting on a bookbag, and has his eyes closed. A man in a blue shirt and black pants relaxes with his glasses resting on his forehead. A young oriental man naps on a bench with his bookbag behind his head. A person resting with sunglasses on.	A man has fallen.	contradiction
An older looking woman is taking notes in a lecture hall at a university, with younger looking students in the background. A left handed woman is writing something down in pen in a portfolio. A middle-aged woman is taking notes in a class at an auditorium. An older lady is writing notes in a notebook at a convention.	A woman sitting at a desk.	neutral
Small middle eastern child in sort of wooden underground cave. A young child looks at the camera from within a building. A young child looks out from a wooden structure. A young child is in a hole with relics in it.	Child sitting.	neutral
A brown and white dog is playing with a toy in a field of green grass and clovers. A brown and white dog retrieving a white plushie toy in a field of clover. A distorted photo of a playing dog in a flower field A dog in grass carrying a toy in its mouth.	A little dog running.	entailment
A person walks down a paved path, away from the camera, through a wooded area. A person dressed in all blue walks down a road with tall trees on either side. A person in dark blue walks down a path between trees. A person walking down a wooded path.	Two women walking down a city street.	contradiction
A family is enjoying a sunny day, while laying on the green grass. A man woman and little boy sitting in a meadow. A family of three bask in the sun in a park. A family doing a picnic in the park.	Teens smiling.	contradiction
Three little girls in green playing soccer against one little girl in blue. Four young girls in green and blue uniforms play soccer together. Four little girls playing soccer. Several girls playing soccer.	Two children playing on a swing.	contradiction
A man is in a chair getting his neck shaved by another man. A man in a white shirt shaving another man 's facial hair. A guy sitting in a chair is getting a shave. Man in chair being shaved.	A man drinking a coffee.	contradiction
A heavily scarred pitbull attempts to take a playtoy from another pitbull. Two tan dogs play with a blue toy in a green field of grass. The two tan dogs greet each other in the green grass. Two dogs in a grassy park playing.	A dog walking.	neutral
The people in a city are walking on the streets protesting for the freedom of Palestine. A large group of people are holding up signs while walking down a street together. A group of Middle Eastern heritage marching down a city street protesting. A large number of people are showing their disinterest.	Group talks.	neutral
A woman is running with a bunch of children in what appears to be a race. Kids running in gym class with their teacher. Several children running along with a woman. The coach is running alone with the kids	A group running.	entailment
A person in an orange coat with a hood lays on top of the entrance corridor to the metro. A person in an orange jumpsuit is laying over a metro station. A person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance. Person in orange clothing lying on a wall	A worker sitting.	contradiction
A young man wearing short pants and a backpack is standing in a parking lot with his hand on his head. Pedestrians walk in front of an industrial complex. Man with sandals taking picture of large building. A boy wearing a backpack is standing outside.	Mountaineers walking.	contradiction
An older woman and man in uniform stand in front of a music podium while an accordion player plays nearby. An old man and lady in a white uniform is standing next to a man in black playing an instrument. Three people dressed up playing music on a sidewalk. Elderly people performing music in a street.	Street performers sing.	entailment
Two women, one wearing a patterned headscarf, converse while sitting behind baskets of flowers. Two people are having a conversation, while sitting on a curb. Women on a sidewalk with packages and flowers. Two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	Several women dancing.	contradiction
A man wearing a construction vest is working on laying pipe on site. A construction worker is carving a pipe. A man sawing through a big pipe A black worker sawing a pipe.	A man wanders.	contradiction
The little girl is sitting under the basket while the man throws the ball. Man holding a beer throws a basketball where a little girl is playing. There is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler. A little girl plays on a toy basketball game.	Some students sitting.	contradiction
A man wearing a blue shirt and a plaid cloth wrapped around his waist is trying to obtain something from a tree by using a long pole. A young man, barefoot alongside the beach, prunes a tree. A man in a blue shirt and white cap cutting branches. A man poking a tree with a stick to get fruit.	Guys having fun.	contradiction
A man in a cowboy hat prepares hotdogs on the street. Two men are barbecuing various hotdogs and sausages. Two men are grilling and talking to another man. Two men grilling sausage as bystanders look on.	A man cooking up meat.	entailment
Two girls are walking away from the camera under a walkway. Two girls are walking arm in arm past an amusement arcade. Two teenage girls walking down a mall breezeway. Two girls in shorts walk towards casino signs.	Women walk.	entailment
Two people are training, the woman, wearing gray, is practicing punching while the man, in a brown hoodie, holds the pads she hits. A lady and her coach practicing boxing in the park. A man helping a woman practice boxing. A man and a woman practice on a field.	Girl kissing.	contradiction
A group of people, some with white helmets and diving gear, and some in life preservers, carrying a gurney with a person on it. A group of people work on the side of a large metal structure that is very blue on a cloudy day. A crew is getting someone ready for bungee jumping. Paramedics are rescuing a man on a walkway.	A man with a guitar standing.	contradiction
A person in a red and black striped sweatshirt standing at the top of steps, surrounded by similarly colorfully clothed people. A crowd of people wait at the top of the stairs outside a building. A group of young people stand on top of steps. People standing and sitting on steps.	Men standing.	neutral
An older busker in glasses plays an Eastern string instrument for a young boy in a striped shirt. This is a man in front of a store performing with a little boy standing with a dollar in his hand An older Asian man is playing an instrument in front of a young boy on the street. An elderly gentleman playing a musical instrument on the sidewalk for money.	A man dressed up.	neutral
A black man in a yellow shirt and hat playing guitar at a live show. Local artist enjoying what he 's doing performing for people. A black man in a yellow shirt, plays a guitar on a stage. A musician performs live on stage.	A man holding an instrument.	entailment
Two men, one standing and one on a bicycle are talking outside a building. A man riding a bike is chatting to a man wearing a blue uniform. Two uniformed men having a conversation outside of a factory. A man on a bicycle is talking to another man.	Speaker talking.	neutral
Two groups of people dressed in black clothes and with brown hair, except for one blond woman, hold separate conversations. A total of five people in black clothes are having conversations in a plain white room. A group of five young people all dressed in black in a dimlight room A group of dressed-up people talking.	A man plucking a chicken.	contradiction
A girl on the phone standing in front of beautiful plants is passed by another smiling girl. A young woman walks by another young woman talking on the phone and leaning on a wall. A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone. A teenage girl walks past another with a cellphone.	A girl sitting on a couch and smiling.	contradiction
A man with a striped shirt, black pants, and blue shoes is riding on a skateboard. A boy with scruffy, dark hair is skateboarding on the sidewalk. A teenager wearing a white, striped shirt is skateboarding. A young skateboarder on the sidewalk, next to a big tree	Some children sliding.	contradiction
A man in jean overalls and a red shirt is making giant bubbles for the passersby. A man in overalls is blowing giant bubbles in a crowd at a park. A person in blue overalls makes a very large bubble. A man blows a giant bubble for a crowd of people.	A man standing on his hands.	contradiction
An elderly man is sitting on a stone bench eating lunch with pigeons in the background. An old man is sitting on a rock in a courtyard eating. A man is sitting on a square stone eating his lunch. An old man in a suit eats lunch.	An Asian man eats food.	neutral
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case playing a guitar. A man plays his guitar with the case open for donations. A man is standing on the street playing a guitar. A man dressed in purple playing guitar	A man plays an instrument for money.	entailment
A man playing a guitar is singing into a microphone, his shirt is checkered and he has dark hair. A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room. Man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar. A man singing loudly while playing the guitar.	Bearded man playing an instrument.	entailment
A group of kids are standing in a passageway and two adult males are standing behind them. Two men in blue shirts are talking to each other while four children walk past. Excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot. Two men are talking as four kids run by.	Boy sitting.	contradiction
A man in blue pants and heavy work boots is cleaning white confetti from a street paved with bricks. Man cleaning the street next to a car. A street washer washing the street. A worker cleaning a brick street.	A man removing ice.	contradiction
A group of five dark-skinned people sitting at what looks to be a farmer 's market right behind a fruit that is green and spiky. There are people sitting around a market area with green fruit in the front drop. A group of Asian sitting and eating in the middle of a market. An elderly woman cutting fruit at a market.	Men talking.	neutral
Two women walking down a busy street talking to each other, passing a man in an orange shirt. A woman wearing a black shirt is looking at a woman with a beverage in her hand on a sidewalk Two young women walking down the street on a warm day. Group of people walking on a street.	A woman holding a water bottle.	neutral
A man in a white cap and tan bush shirt harvests something in a swampy area. A man working in the fields as he moves his hands around the tall grass. A black man in a white uniform walking through tall grass. A man in a field of greenery working.	A pale man stands.	contradiction
A miniature breed dog is running in a straw strewn field. The little dog with big ears is in the field. Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field. A small dog is standing in a field.	A dog looking at the camera.	neutral
A guy in a cycling suit and bike helmet riding a bike on a dirty track. A person on a bike covered in mud from head to toe. A muddy person rides his bike through a course. A guy does tricks on his bike.	A dog doing a stunt.	contradiction
Two girls are walking down a paved sidewalk in an urban environment. These people are walking down the street. Two people walking next to each other. Two people walk down the street.	Women walk.	entailment
A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park. A skateboarder executes a jump in a skate park. A person skateboarding at a skate park. A skateboarder doing a jump.	A child doing a jump.	neutral
A man in a short-sleeved white shirt is standing beside a man in a long-sleeved white shirt with the sleeves rolled up. A man in a white t-shirt is looking at another man wearing a white shirt who has his eyes closed. Two men wearing white shirts are standing next to each other. Two men dressed in white shirts are standing at a party.	Two men share a conversation.	entailment
There are three men on horses, 2 with red shirts, and the third with a white shirt is getting bucked off while people spectate. Three men on horses, one of them with his legs up in the air is being bucked off his horse. Two men on horses look on as another man is bucked off the back of his horse. Two men on horseback watch as another man is thrown from his bucking horse.	Some guys standing.	contradiction
A martial artist lands a blow to the thigh of his opponent while a referee throws up his hand. Two young men are fighting with each other in a martial arts competition. Two men participate in a match while wearing karate garb. Two martial arts fighters spar at a competition.	The crowd watches.	entailment
Man wearing glasses with his mouth being held open and examined by a dentist. A dentist patient is having his teeth looked at A man with glasses is at the dentist. A dentist working in a man 's mouth.	A man cooking.	contradiction
Giant plastic bears in a downtown area with candy inside. Giant clear bears sit in the street in New York City. Big clear bears filled with different types of candy. A display of bears is out on the street.	A man taking a picture.	contradiction
A man with a blue hat and black vest is riding a tan colored bull that is kicking up dust. The cowboy holds on to the bull who is desperately trying to throw him off. A man with a blue helmet riding a tan colored bull in a rodeo show. A man wearing a helmet is riding a bucking bronco.	A man poking.	contradiction
A man in a black shirt, and black shorts is walking down the street, holding hands with a woman in a black sundress. A group of tourists are walking down a paved trail. People walk down the street on a sunny day. People are walking down a road together.	Hikers walk a path.	entailment
Jimi Hendrix, in a signature blue outfit with red and white fringe, jams away on his electric guitar. Jimi Hendrix is wearing a blue outfit while playing his guitar. A man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar. Funky man in blue clothing playing his guitar.	A man dines.	contradiction
Young boy and old balding man in orange shirt compete in a race. An older bald man runs near a young black-haired boy at a race. An older man and a teenage boy are running in a race. A young man and an older gentleman are running.	Two men run side by side.	entailment
A woman with a white shirt and blue striped pants is walking past a building with a lot of graffiti on it. A woman walks by a brick building that 's covered with graffiti. Woman in blue pants walks past brick wall with graffiti. Graffiti is tagged outside a wall of the om boutique.	A woman with a purse walking down a street.	contradiction
A construction worker speaks to another construction worker, using his hands to gesture as he speaks. Two construction workers wearing orange safety vest are having a heated discussion. An elder workman speaking to a younger workman. Two construction workers discuss work.	Two men standing on a scaffold.	entailment
Several people are standing around in a wooded area, with an recreational vehicle in clear view, two older men and two children can be seen, including a young, smiling girl. A group of five people are standing outside a motorhome; two are turned in profile, two are facing the camera, and one image is cropped off and incomplete. A little girl in the foreground and an older boy also in the foreground in front of a mobile home with a few adults in the background. A family is enjoying their RV camping experience.	Children doing an activity.	neutral
Six men wearing white with colored accessories are dancing. People are walking in a parade, as other people watch. A group of dancers is performing for a crowd. Men are dancing in the street	Men waving.	contradiction
A girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket A young girl in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball with a pink racket The tennis player in the red shirt is trying to hit the ball. A young girl is about to attempt to hit a tennis ball.	A child plays in a swimming pool.	contradiction
Two people sitting beside each other at a table with food on it smiling. A couple wearing white sweaters sit at a restaurant table. A man and a woman eating dinner together. A man and woman wearing khaki smiling.	A man seated.	entailment
A small group of adult males enjoy a conversation in an architecturally sound building. A group of college students gathering in the community center. People conversing in a casual setting. People standing in a corner.	A man is airborne.	contradiction
The three men are all wearing a black jacket with yellow highlighting tape. Three workers in reflective gear are waiting against a wall. Three men in reflective gear stand next to a wall. Three men at work standing along a wall.	A man is climbing.	contradiction
A woman wearing a baby sling with a peach- colored blanket looks to the side as she holds up her camera. A woman in blue shirt is holding a camera and being surrounded with bunch of people. A young woman is holding a camera in a crowd of people. A woman in a blue shirt holds a camera.	Woman taking a walk.	neutral
An older woman with gray hair wears sunglasses, a necklace, earrings, and blue shirt and jacket. An old woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket smiles for the camera. An elderly lady in sunglasses and a denim jacket. A mature woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket.	A woman walking her dogs.	contradiction
Chinese-American dressed children dressed in red uniforms are doing a cultural performance in a parade. Several young children, who are wearing bright orange outfits, are participating in a parade march. Several young people dressed in orange outfits at a Lion Dance Festival. A group of children, dressed in orange outfits, are dancing with fans.	A child standing in front of a boy.	neutral
People gather to drink and talk outside the door of a building. A group of young people are standing on the sidewalk at night. Some young people are hanging out at night outside a building. A group of people are hanging on a sidewalk.	A group walks.	entailment
A bazaar with many trinkets on the ground in an unknown country. Group of Middle-Eastern men selling trinkets on street. Head-dressed men sell china on the street. Men sell goods and wares on a street.	Two men riding scooters.	contradiction
A group of people stand on the sidewalk in front of a Gap store, all of the men are wearing blue shirts. People outside the GAP store on a brick walkway while one man in jeans takes a picture. A small group of people in front of a Gap store taking pictures. A group of people taking pictures.	A crowd looking at something.	entailment
A man on stage holds a hello kitty guitar and looks to the right of the picture. A guitarist playing an electric guitar with Hello Kitty on the front. A musician plays a Hello Kitty electric guitar. A man is about to play his guitar.	A man stands playing an instrument.	entailment
A puppy is gnawing on a plant branch in an uncut grassy area with wood and a barrel nearby. A young brown puppy pulls a leafy branch in his teeth in a backyard. A puppy dog is playing with a branch. A black puppy is biting a tree limb.	A puppy chewing.	entailment
A bunch of kids swing together in a large swing shaped like a basket. Five children are playing on a large round swinging net. A group of kids are playing on a tire swing. Five children are rocking in a round swing.	Children sit.	entailment
A man in a green Celtics hat and a woman wearing a black sweater display identical tattoos on their right wrists. There is a man and woman holding up their arms and showing their heart tattoos. A girl with a cigarette in hand and a guy with a green hat wave at the camera. A man and a woman show their tattooed hearts on their wrists	A man rising.	contradiction
Three women are standing in front of a sign for the Coldtowne theater. Three women are standing in front of the Coldtowne Theater. Three women are standing and waiting together. Three people standing under a large mural.	Women looking around.	neutral
Two men are riding a couple of horses, chasing a white animal. Two men on horses compete to see who can rope the calf first. The two men are riding horses to chase a white horse. Two men chase cattle on horses.	Two men using their computers.	contradiction
A man in a red uniform leaps in the air as one in a white uniform tries to kick a ball. The soccer player in white is challenging the player in red for the ball in midair. During a soccer game, one man is in the air while another has one foot down. Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.	A group playing some sort of game.	entailment
One young dancer in a daring upside down spin as his partner looks on in delight. Street dancers enjoys showing what they can do on their feet and their hands. Two entertainers on a stage performing acrobatic moves. A male and female break danging.	Woman singing.	contradiction
A street performer is holding something that looks like a bagpipe and someone is holding up a CD of his music with his photo pressed on it. The photographer is holding up a disc that has an image on it that looks similar to the gentleman he is taking a picture of. A man displays a Boja Fadaw scene next to the man himself playing the bagpipes. Boja Tajdaw takes a picture with his instrument.	A man stands in front of a skyscraper.	neutral
A woman in a long white bridal gown and a man in a black suit are standing at a rail looking at the ocean. A woman in a white wedding gown with gold trim standing with a man in a black suit. A couple in wedding outfits watch the sea from behind a wooden railing. A man and a woman in wedding clothes look out toward the water.	A DJ stands.	contradiction
A person swimming in a pool next to some chairs and a table. A person doing the backstroke in an outdoor pool. The person is swimming on their back in a pool. Person doing backstroke in pool	A swimmer doing backstrokes.	entailment
Three men stand near a large wooden cross overlooking a desert mountain. Three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon. Three young males are standing in front of a cross. Three men look at a sign.	Man talking on his cellphone.	contradiction
A medical procedure room filled with high-tech life support systems and an operator in the background. A technician wearing a surgical cap is sitting surrounded by medical equipment. A man sits in a white room amongst various scientific-looking machinery. A worker in a lab performing experiments.	A man shielding himself.	neutral
A man in a black shirt, and black shorts is walking down the street, holding hands with a woman in a black sundress. A group of tourists are walking down a paved trail. People walk down the street on a sunny day. People are walking down a road together.	Pedestrians walk down a path.	entailment
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy. A dark colored animal splashes in the water. A dog fetching a stick in the water. Someone splashing in the water.	A dog squatting.	contradiction
A man with a white camp is standing on a platform in front of a large black cylinder device, and fabric on a clothesline. A man wearing a white cap standing a platform. A man stands upon his charcoal grill. Man attempting to fix something.	Men perform acrobatics.	contradiction
A long distance photo of the US Capitol building with a large amount of people in the shot. A young man in short, shorts is in the middle of a large crowd on his cellphone. A lot of people are walking on the red brick courtyard. A crowd walking on red brick surface.	A group walks in front of a building.	entailment
A long-haired man stands next to a gray brick wall in front of a seagull playing an instrument. A man playing a plastic flute while a seagull looks on. A man plays a recorder to a seagull by a brick wall. A man playing the flute for a pigeon.	A man sitting.	contradiction
A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water. A man admires a rock formation on the water. A man kicks a large rock near the ocean. A man stands by a boulder near an ocean.	A man throwing rocks into a stream.	contradiction
A man wearing all black plays a coffee-burst bass guitar with a band. A man dressed in black with a long beard is playing bass guitar. A band playing some music for some people. Two men playing guitars on stage	A band performing a concert.	entailment
A man in a plaid shirt, making a small vase out of terracotta clay. A man sculpting a small clay pot on a spinning wheel A man in a blue and white shirt is making pottery. A potter making a vase on a spinning wheel.	A man sits.	entailment
There is a wonderful spread of food on this buffet. A group of people are selecting food from a buffet. Numerous people stand in line for food. Many people decide it 's time to eat.	Men gather.	neutral
A man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera. A man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette. A man in a black shirt holds a large bushel of vegetables. A man in all black carries a vegetable.	A child holds a vegetable.	contradiction
Several people watch a presentation on stage with varying degrees of interest. People sitting in a room listening to a speech. Students attend a math lecture at university. A student reclines while lecturers lecture.	Men making a presentation.	entailment
Shane Battier and Davonik Nastavowich communicate and try to crack a smile before the up coming game against their rivals Miami Heat in the 2011 NBA Championship Game. Two basketball players in black and white outfits are standing on a basketball court, talking. Two Miami Heat basketball players are having a funny conversation. Two players pause to enjoy the moment.	Two men running down a road.	contradiction
A woman setting up for a curling competition. A curling competitor lines up her next shot. A woman wearing black moving things on ice. A woman is focusing on her game of curling.	A woman smoking a cigarette.	contradiction
A man in a mustard yellow jacket sits in front of water while reading. A man in a light-colored jacket is sitting at the waterfront. Man sits beside water while reading something. A man is sitting outside near a river.	A man in a jacket on a bench.	neutral
A bride and groom being photographed on a stairway in a very public area. A large group of people surrounding a bride and groom taking photos. Public wedding event with photographers. A bride and man in a tuxedo on stairs.	Partners standing.	entailment
A gentleman in white with a shoulder bag and hands on his hips waiting next to a man in all black with his hands in his pockets. Two men, one wearing black and one wearing white, are standing waiting for the train. These two men are waiting for the train to stop. Two men waiting at the subway for the train.	A man talking.	neutral
Multiple bicyclists wearing different colored shirts and helmets riding around a track. A group of people in colored outfits ride bikes around a track. Bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits. A group of cyclers race around a track.	Some cyclists racing.	entailment
Five people staring in the same direction, two of whom are wearing face masks. A group of people are looking angry and several have on face masks. A crowd of people, some of which are wearing surgical masks. People wearing black, some with face masks, are singing.	A group gathers.	entailment
A downhill skier races down the snowy hillside as the sun shines above in a clear sky. A skier is skiing alone in fresh powder on a sunny day. A lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky. A skier on a slope.	Several men traveling.	contradiction
One woman is sitting on a couch with a bottle in her hand while another is on the floor with a child looking at a computer. A woman and a child are looking at a laptop while another woman is sitting on the couch. One woman watches while another woman and a child look on the computer. A child watches intently as a woman uses a MacBook laptop.	A customer sitting.	contradiction
A person in a yellow shirt carrying a clear plastic bag with three oranges in it. A person in a yellow coat carrying a plastic bag of orange colored fruit. A person with a yellow jacket carrying 3 oranges in a plastic bag. A person in a yellow coat is carrying a bag of three oranges.	Someone walking.	entailment
An older gentleman with a long, white beard, sits along a metal background in the city playing the flute. An elderly man with a long gray beard is playing his flute while sitting on the ground. A bearded man sits against a wall and plays the flute. Man playing a tune on his flute.	A man has a tool in his hand.	contradiction
A bearded man wearing a turban, face paint, blue and green top, baggy orange pants and a red and white striped apron is dancing on a rocky street with a young woman wearing a turban, purple top, gray and black striped pants and red apron with black polka dots and ruffles as a couple watch behind them while other people are ignoring them. The man in the striped apron is dancing with the woman in the polka dotted apron. A woman in an apron is dancing with a man in a turban in front of a small crowd. Two colorfully clad performers dance merrily with each other.	Spectators watching horses.	contradiction
A man wears glasses and pants as shadows are cast in the sun. A man paints Japanese characters on the ground. A man writes on the ground with a stick. A man using a device in a public park.	A man falling down.	contradiction
A young boy wearing sunglasses playing on the shore at the beach A boy running through surf on a beach. People stand in the surf. A boy plays in the surf.	Some dogs walking.	neutral
A large group of children jumping in the air are pictured on wooden boards by a large body of water with mountains in the background. Eleven children wearing coats of all colors are jumping in the air with mountains and a cloudy sky in the background. A group of people in a wide range of colors jump for a photo on a dock aside a body of water. A group of people jumping with joy on a deck overlooking a lake in a mountainous region.	A guy does a jump.	entailment
A female with long blond hair, a black backpack and khaki shorts is standing on a red brick sidewalk with other people around her. A group of people, including a barefoot woman with white shorts, a black jacket and backpack wait for a light rail train. A crowd awaiting the arrival of a trolley. There are people standing on a sidewalk.	A girl waits for a bus.	neutral
A brown and white dog plays with a ball in the dirt. This brown and white dog is chasing a soccer ball. A brown dog is chasing after a soccer ball. The dog runs towards the ball.	A dog jumping through a sprinkler.	contradiction
A young girl is walking up to a bridge near dusk and is about to pass by a statue. A woman overlooks the sunset in the evening. Girl reading book walking down street. The lady is taking pictures of statue.	A woman stands.	contradiction
Two young martial arts students are sparing, to display and practice their training. Students in white clothing practice martial arts while spectators watch. Two people wearing white outfits sparring in front of a group of people. Two women are fighting in a martial arts tournament.	A lady talking.	contradiction
Two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone. Two women in long, wool skirts are surrounded by goats outside on a farm. Two women watching over a herd of goats in a rural setting. A woman with a head covering stands among goats.	Women stand.	entailment
A crowd of possible supporters or protesters holding signs and fliers up. These people are demonstrating for their leader. People are holding signs and marching. Protesters gather together in France.	A woman leads a group.	neutral
A man is helping a girl step down from a colorful truck whilst a woman and three children watch. A very colorful bus is pulled off to the side of the road as its passengers load. A girl climbing down from the side of a bright blue truck while others watch. A family gathered at a painted van	Two kids play hockey.	contradiction
A man with gray hair and a bear sits in a chair on the street with a guitar by his side. An old man sits outside with his guitar, watching an younger generation pass by. An elderly man sitting outside on a chair with a guitar next to him. A man sits in a chair watching people stroll by.	A man with a tattoo behind his ear playing an instrument.	contradiction
The man in the black suit and hat is holding the hand of the girl in the green dress whilst looking away from each other. A well dressed young couple hold hands and pull in different directions in front of trees. A young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress. Young couple in formal attire hold hands	A man and woman go separate ways.	contradiction
Two Asian men are leading a group of children in a game that involves touching your head. Two men holding their hands on their heads and talking to a group of children. Two male teachers lead a group of young children in exercise. Two men are entertaining a group of children.	Children in gym class.	neutral
A woman with long black hair wearing a purple blouse and black pants is sitting down doing some type of craft project. A woman in a purple shirt playing an instrument. Girl in purple shirt making something out of wood An Two Asian women painting a piece of wood.	A woman having a meal.	contradiction
Young boy walking through a single toned area wearing a blacked and orange coat. A young boy walking through the courtyard of ruined buildings. A child in black and red jacket running. A small child playing in a dusty square.	A child holding a stick.	contradiction
One girl is doing a handstand on an outdoor trampoline while another girl stands on the trampoline with one hand in the air. One girl is doing a handstand on a trampoline while another girl watches Two girls jumping on a trampoline in a backyard. Two girls are performing tricks on a trampoline.	Children playing on a trampoline.	entailment
A young woman in white pants, boots, and an olive green coat passes by a market while a street musician plays electric guitar behind her. A woman with black hair wearing a winter coat is walking by a man playing an electric guitar. A black man is playing a guitar while a woman in a dark green coat nearby is looking away. Girl in long coat walking down the street as man watches	Men sitting outside talking.	contradiction
A young man in a green shirt and paint-splattered blue jeans is setting up a ladder. A man is setting up a ladder to complete some ceiling work. A man is setting up a ladder inside a room. Man setting up a ladder inside an office.	A man standing in a hole.	contradiction
One little toddler wearing blue pajamas and a little girl wearing red pajamas opening presents on Christmas day. A little girl wearing her pajamas opening a present while a little boy looks on. A girl is opening a present while a young boy in blue pajamas watches. A young girl and a toddler are tearing wrapping paper off a present.	A woman working out.	contradiction
Three men in white shirts, one with a blue cap, glasses and holding a book amongst a crowd. Two men are speaking with another man who is wearing a blue cap and carrying a book. Three men in white button-up shirts chat. Three men converse in a crowd.	Three men standing and talking.	entailment
This is a view through a ribbed glass ceiling looking down on a bunch of people eating in a cafeteria setting. A photo is taken of a mirror reflection of a cafe. This is a mirrored ceiling in a cafeteria. Slanted aerial view of a cafeteria.	A large group of people eating.	entailment
A man, feet fastened to a board and holding a tow-rope becomes airborne over the water. A wakeboarder is leaping into the air whilst holding onto a pink rope. A wakeboarder is doing a jumping trick in the water. A man water boarding.	Man waterskiing.	entailment
Two men have a conversation in a kitchen; a man in a white shirt and eyeglasses gestures with his hands, while a man in blue jeans and a dark-colored shirt washes dishes. One man in shorts is talking to another man in blue jeans in front of a sink. Two men are having a conversation in the kitchen. Two guys talking in front of a sink.	A man sitting looking at an envelope.	contradiction
A white dog is running around a tumbleweed on a sand dune. A white poodle circles a sparkler embedded in sand. A dog plays on the beach. Poodle playing on a beach	A dog walks across the ground.	entailment
Three men, two of them on one soccer team wearing blue, and one man, from the other soccer team wearing red, with the ball in play, controlled by a man in blue. The soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red. A soccer team dressed in blue has control of the soccer ball, while an opposing teammate in red is looking on. Three young men playing a game of soccer.	Soccer players running.	entailment
A local college using its first projection to help demonstrate the effectiveness of marketing in classrooms. Over view of the office with people and PCs all over the office. Men in an office with computers and a projector screen. Two men are using a projector.	A group does various activities.	neutral
An older man with a marathon number on his chest is on the street with several other people. A runner wearing a blue shirt is walking while a woman cuts in front of him. An elderly man, wearing a race bib, and blue shirt gets ready to race. A group of runners smile at one another.	Man making food.	contradiction
A dark hair woman, dressed in white boots and a black and green dress, is striking a dancer pose for the camera. A young woman with black hair and tall white boots is posing in a short dress with a white background. This girl is wearing white boots, and performing a floor dance. A dancer performing with her panties showing.	A woman skiing.	contradiction
An older man in a gray shirt with a white long-sleeve shirt under it holding up a small wooden cabinet. A middle-aged man with a white beard and glasses holds up a small, wooden handmade cabinet. A man showing off his new wooden creation. A man with beard carrying a cabinet.	Two men and a woman standing.	contradiction
A woman carrying two bags walks under trees full of white blossoms. A woman is walking down a sidewalk lined by cherry trees in bloom. The lady carrying the big bag is walking under the trees in bloom. A woman is walking down the sidewalk.	A woman walking along a street.	entailment
A man sites on a motorbike, holding on to a street pole, in a crosswalk at night. A man is stopped on the street on his motorcycle. A guy on a motorcycle at a streetlight. A man on a motorbike is resting.	A man sits at a computer.	contradiction
Three people wearing hats, two sitting, talking, and eating, and one lying down. Three people relax on the grass near large rocks. Three people are sitting down to rest. Three people sitting in the grass.	Men sitting eating food.	neutral
People are walking down a grassy hill with a fence behind them. A family hiking down the hill on a cloudy day. A group of people walking by a fence. People walking along the hill.	Pairs walk.	neutral
A bare-chested man launches his skateboard off a ramp. A skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on. A skateboarder doing a trick on a handrail. A skateboarder grinds the rail.	Teens standing.	contradiction
Man in white t-shirt giving speech to a group of men. A classroom full of men, with the teacher up front. A man in white talks to a group of other men. A college course is in deep thought.	A group standing.	neutral
A girl 's hair flips up while she rides down the stairs on a skateboard. A girl on a skateboard is riding on a cement ledge next to a fence. A girl with her hair flying up from her head poses on a skateboard A skateboarder 's hair flies through the air.	A girl crouching.	neutral
A snowboarder grinds a wooden box over a melted patch of snow. The snowboarder does a board slide over a wooden obstacle. A person on a snowboard crosses a makeshift wooden bridge. A snowboarder slides along a ramp over a snowy gap.	A snowboarder leaping.	entailment
A woman looks at the peppers a street vendor is selling at a farmer 's market. A gray-haired lady is standing next to a vegetable display at the market. Woman with gray hair behind a stall selling fresh produce. Lady looking at vegetables in outside market.	A woman standing in front of a stand.	entailment
Lady with short brown hair and a red and white striped shirt with a name tag taking a sip from a cup. The woman in the striped shirt is sipping a beverage while at work. A woman in a red and white striped turtleneck sipping from a cup. A restaurant worker takes a sip of coffee in the kitchen.	A couple taking a break.	contradiction
A group of people are leaping into the air simultaneously on a grassy field while a guy in a checkered shirt looks on. A group of people on a green field are jumping up and down. A group of teenagers jump simultaneously on a soccer field. A group of people are jumping into the air	A group playing rope.	contradiction
Girls are demonstrating spinning dance moves on the gymnasium floor. Girls are dancing in a gym in front of a blue " Adidas " sign. A few women are dancing at a basketball game on the court. Five UCLA cheerleaders are dancing at half court.	A group practicing moves.	entailment
A man with a backpack and cap posing with two girls dressed in tight uniforms. A man has his arms around two women who are posing for a picture with him. Two blond models pose with a man under an umbrella. Two women posing with a guy.	A man standing next to two children.	contradiction
A girl in a blue shirt playing her electric guitar on stage. A young performer singing and playing electric guitar. A girl playing an electric guitar. A woman is playing a guitar.	A woman bends down.	contradiction
A little girl in a pink shirt is blowing bubbles. A beautiful girl are playing with bubbles A little Asian girl is blowing bubbles. An Asian child is blowing bubbles	A child smiles.	neutral
A man in a white shirt plays the cello next to a woman in black playing a harp. Two people are on a stage playing stringed instruments for a small crowd. Two musicians playing their instruments for an audience. Musicians performing for children.	A man sitting at a table with a computer.	contradiction
Two women in costume dance while looking toward each other. Two women are dancing with their mid-drifts bare. Two women dressed as belly dancers performing. This is two belly dancers in mid dance.	Performers giving a performance.	entailment
Two females and a male are sitting at a table eating. Asian people eating lunch in a colorful cafeteria. Three people eating in a cafeteria. A group of Asians is having lunch.	Man racing.	contradiction
An adult is feeding a little girl a foil wrapped burrito. The little girl in pink is eating a burrito. Little girl taking a bite of a burrito. A toddler is being fed a burrito.	A child enjoying food.	entailment
Several bikers are going down one side of a four lane road while passing buildings that seem to be composed mostly of shades of brown and peach. A group of cyclists headed in one direction pedaling through a deserted town on an overcast day. A peloton of bicyclists riding down a road of tightly packed together houses. View of bicyclists from behind during a race.	A group watches a rider.	entailment
A young man seated on a metal framed structure smiles as he tugs slightly on a nylon tarp. A teenage boy putting up a sheer tent in the hot sun. A man is high up off the ground on a metal support. Young, Asian, putting up a tarp.	A man cycling.	contradiction
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk in the snow all wrapped up because of the cold weather. A group of skiers walk across a snow covered sidewalk. People in line with their skis at a ski resort. Kids carry their skis down the street.	A group stands posing.	contradiction
The dark-haired girl is sliding into a white kiddie pool. A child is sliding into a small pool. A girl in a child 's swimming pool. Girl splashing in kiddie pool	A little girl standing in a pool.	entailment
The woman in the purple shirt and gray pants is taking the black dog and a child with an orange shirt and a girl with a gray shirt out for a walk. A grandmother and two of her grandchildren taking the dog for a walk in the woods. Three people walk through the woods with their small black dog. A woman walks a black dog down a dirt path with two children.	A dog plays with a white dog.	contradiction
Shirtless man with a tattoo of a cross on his arm looking over a railing outdoors. A man with a tattoo on his right arm is looking into the distance. A shirtless worker is on a scaffold, working on a building. A man is fixing a ladder to climb up and down.	Several men traveling.	contradiction
A woman in dark clothes walks down a city street, past a window display that includes several pale mannequins. A black woman wearing black walking by a window with a mannequin in it. A woman in all black walking past a department store window. A black woman is walking in heels.	A woman walking next to a shop.	entailment
White-haired man looking down a street with pedestrians. There are many people spread out across an urban area. People crossing the street and a man on the sidewalk. The peoples walking in the road	A gray-haired man standing.	neutral
Many people in warm clothing crowd around carnival games indoors. Many people playing colorful carnival games. This marketplace is very busy. Young people in a busy arcade	A man walks.	neutral
A girl wearing pink stands in a red doorway while a black bicycle rests nearby. A little girl in pink stands at the top of stairs in front of building. A small girl in pink is standing in a large doorway. A small child wearing pink stands in a doorway.	A kid skiing.	contradiction
A young couple are caught in the middle of a kiss while standing at the edge of a stream with an expansive green field on the other side. Newlyweds are enjoying a kiss with a stream, field, and castle in the background. A couple dressed in formal wear is kissing by a lake. They are kissing by a lake outside.	A woman kissing a man.	entailment
An Asian man in a blue apron looks in his Styrofoam coffee cup. A man in an apron appears to be working on a project. Man with dark blue apron taking an order The man looks very busy at his job.	Men having a discussion.	neutral
A blond woman sitting on a plastic stool is working on someone 's toes. A woman working on someone 's feet. A woman EMT is looking at a foot. This child is getting a pedicure.	A woman taking care of someone.	entailment
A street performer tries to escape from being tied up while group of onlookers surround him. An escape artist wearing Converse high tops struggles on one foot as a crowd looks on. A street performer attempts to escape a straitjacket while a crowd of people watch. A street performer in the middle of a crowd	A man helping another man.	contradiction
A man on horseback, inside a corral, is chasing a steer. A cowboy on horseback is attempting to rope a calf. A man riding a horse trying to rope a calf. A cowboy riding a horse outside.	A man lassos animal.	entailment
A large crowd of people in two long rows are looking back with some green light emanating from an above structure. Audience at an event with the stage lights as the backdrop. Many people are gathering for some sort of event. Crowd of people standing in rows, at night.	A group singing.	neutral
A blue Harley motorcycle is one of a group of motorcycles owned by motorcyclists. A parked motorcycle sits among other parked motorcycles. Two people are standing near their motorcycles. A man stands next to motorcycles	Women sitting on a swing.	contradiction
A bald man in an orange short and jeans walking in the city by Camden Interiors a furniture store with a giant rocking chair over the door. Man in a red shirt walking beneath a large chair hanging off of a furniture store. A man with a red shirt and jeans walking through a downtown area. A man is walking in front of a store called Camden Interiors.	A man walking holding a bag.	neutral
A shirtless man skateboarding in an area with significant graffiti A shirtless man skateboarding against a wall with graffiti on it. A guy doing a grind over an edge in his skateboard. A man skateboards along a skateboard park.	Guy doing stunts.	entailment
Several women dressed in gypsy-like clothing dance about in a forest. Women wearing bohemian dresses are dancing in the forest. Several women wearing dresses dance in the forest. Women in costumes perform a dance in the woods.	A group learns.	contradiction
A frowning toddler sleeps while wearing a bib. A sleeping baby in a bib laying on a blanket. Young infant sleeps peacefully. Baby taking a nap in his crib.	A child lying on a bed.	entailment
A man with long hair and a mustache sits on a milk crate and plays the guitar. An elderly man plays guitar for money on the street. Man sitting on milk crate plays guitar on sidewalk. A man sitting on a crate plays the guitar.	An old black man playing an instrument.	neutral
A woman in an orange dress walks down the street with a cellphone in her hand. A beautiful woman in a peach dress walk downs a brick street at night. A woman in an orange dress is walking down the street. Women walking in a busy city.	A woman stands for a photo.	contradiction
A bald man in a gray button-up shirt and a black blazer is glancing down from his glasses while writing something in a book which appears to be a book signing as he has similar books stacked beside him. A balding man in a blue blazer marks in a book at a desk in front of a chalkboard. The author signs several copies of his novel. A man reading and autographing a book.	A woman is sitting.	contradiction
A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes attempts a trick on a skateboard above the lip of a bowl. A boy in a blue t-shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park. A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp A skateboarder riding inside a swimming pool.	A man has a tattoo.	contradiction
A man in a red sweatshirt and a hat is looking at his phone while another man in black walks closer to him down the sidewalk. A man in a hat and red shirt aims a cellphone at a person walking toward him on the sidewalk. A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk. A man in a red sweatshirt and a straw hat uses a cellphone.	A man taking a photo.	entailment
Baseball player in red shirt slides into a base, as another player in blue tags him. A baseball player in blue tags a player in red out. A baseball player sliding into second base. They are playing baseball.	Guys playing a game.	entailment
Two young women are embracing at the side of a road and looking at an mp3 player. Two young women are hugging each other and leaning on a stone wall at the beach. Two females are in an embrace on the street aside a beach. A woman and child hug near a road.	Teenage girls standing.	entailment
A man is jumping on another man with a white face and long hair in a wrestling Ring. A professional wrestler takes a flying leap onto another wrestler. A man performs a wrestling move on the wrestler in the rink. People are watching the wrestler fall.	A fighter falling.	entailment
Protesters holding flags and signs are protesting in the streets of New York as an NYPD police officer keeps the peace. A group of people protesting, 2 carrying posters, one man carrying a flag. A man in a blue dress shirt speaks to people protesting in the street. A group of people are protesting in a New York City.	A woman protesting.	entailment
Hard workers are enjoying their lunch break sitting in the shade against a building. A group of people are sitting and eating bags of snacks. A group of young people sit in the shade eating lunch. A group of people sitting against a wall eat snacks.	Men sitting on the ground.	entailment
A man is being tossed in the air by a large group holding the edges of a flag. A man 's legs are in the air while his back is on a Lone Star Texas flag. Crowd throwing a person into the air with a blue, white, and red flag. A crowd of jubilant people flip a man up in the air using a large flag.	Many onlookers watch.	neutral
Six young children are standing in an area shaded by trees viewing paper being tossed into the air. A boy is throwing an object into the air while a few other children watch him. Several children are standing on a sidewalk playing a game. A group of youngsters plays in a shady city park.	A group talking under plants.	neutral
Two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen. Two teen girls are looking at a small electronic device while wearing winter coats. Two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone. Two young girls huddle to look at a cellphone.	Two Chinese women walking.	neutral
A young woman with blond hair wearing a black sleeveless shirt is holding a guitar that is covered in stickers. A woman wearing a black dress with flowers playing a guitar. A woman is playing a guitar in front of a tree. Girl with short hair playing guitar.	Two women smile for the camera.	contradiction
A women 's bicycle race is taking place in the city with lots of speculators. Three female bikers travel swiftly through a school zone. Marathon on wheels to help victim of breast cancer. Women riding bikes on a city street.	Bikers competing.	entailment
A boy in a green handstands with his arms spread before a stone edifice. A boy in a hat is reaching towards a concrete structure. Boy in green hat reacts to historical spot. Young child plays near stone bench.	Children staring at each other.	contradiction
Two young boys wearing shorts play outside while a police officer watches. Three little boys playing in a hallway as a man in a blue shirt watches. The young boy with the blue shorts is stretching. Man watching child in hallway.	Children stand in the middle of a road.	contradiction
A large group of men in Scottish outfits are playing bagpipes. Bagpipers in traditional Scottish garb march down a street. Scottish bagpipe players are performing on the streets. Scottish men in formal attire play the bagpipes.	A group walks.	entailment
Two men dressed in odd clothing are jumping on a basketball court. Two young men in unusual clothing are jumping in a gym. Two young men are performing in a gym. The two young boy are jumping.	Men dancing.	contradiction
A baby is walking underneath a tunnel supported by columns. A small child wearing blue robe stands near an idol of Cow. A little girl wearing a blue dress stands near columns. A baby in blue is standing on a sidewalk.	A toddler walking.	neutral
Someone in an orange vest sits with a blue and yellow device in his hand. A man wearing an orange vest holding a blue box. A man doing maintenance on the railroad tracks A safety worker is checking the railway.	A man examines some equipment.	entailment
Six individuals of varying ages stand in front of a stone wall covered in graffiti. Six people are posing for a picture in front of a wall with graffiti. Some young boys pose with a man and woman by some graffiti. A group of people standing in front of a graffitied wall	Children sitting against a wall.	contradiction
A man with long hair and a mustache sits on a milk crate and plays the guitar. An old black man, playing a guitar on the sidewalk. Man sitting on milk crate plays guitar on sidewalk. A man sitting on a crate plays the guitar.	A man studying.	contradiction
A man and a woman, formally dressed, stand in front of a tall structure, both looking out at the ocean. A bride and groom look out over a bay, across which can be seen a collection of buildings. A bride and groom are standing on a walkway looking at a body of water. A married couple looking out, on the waterfront.	A couple gazes at each other.	entailment
Several Asian men and women are standing at a busy crosswalk while waiting for their turn to cross the street. Several people standing at a stoplight waiting to cross the street. Pedestrians are waiting to cross the street at a crosswalk. People standing on a street corner in Asian City.	A group waits.	entailment
Two men, one in a white cap, are standing in front of a pizza oven, with a large number of pizzas on a counter and another man in the background. A view of the kitchen and cooks of a pizza business. Cooks in a pizza parlor check the oven. A man is pulling a pizza out of an oven	Men yelling.	contradiction
A crowd of black people are gathered and one person has a backpack on. A large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling. A group of people are gathered together and seem upset. Many people stand in a riot.	Some kids run.	contradiction
A black poodle is running through the grass. The black dog is running through the grass. A black dog is running in the grass. A small black dog is in the grass.	Dogs walking in water.	contradiction
A man kisses a woman in a red coat in front of a giant ice carving of a heart. A couple is kissing in front of a heart made of ice bricks. A couple kissing in front of a sculpture of a heart. A couple kiss in front of a large ice heart.	A couple posing for a picture.	entailment
A family gathers for a nice meal in a comfortable home watching TV next to the fireplace. People are eating food while watching television. Four people sit down for dinner in a house. A family is dining and watching television.	A group having a meal.	entailment
A man with a backpack and cap posing with two girls dressed in tight uniforms. A man has his arms around two women who are posing for a picture with him. Two blond models pose with a man under an umbrella. Two women posing with a guy.	A girl standing.	contradiction
A crowd of people protesting with a man in the foreground. A group of people showing pride for their country This demonstration includes men and women. A political rally in a foreign country.	A crowd standing on a platform.	neutral
A young girl with a white painted face and red umbrella stands among flower petals. A child with a red oriental umbrella has her face painted white and red. A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella. A young girl with a painted face holding a red parasol.	A woman stands.	contradiction
Several men wearing several different colors are attending a bike rally. A bunch of cyclist are riding their bikes down the road. The beginning of a cycling race passes by the crowd. There 's cyclist in street.	Some runners are racing.	contradiction
Toddlers having a sleepover, sitting on the couch, giggling at TV. A dark-haired boy smiles while laying next to two other kids. Three children spend time laughing on the couch. A group of kids laugh while seated on a couch.	Little boy posing for a picture.	neutral
Three people stand under a movie marquee, one being an older man appearing to be looking down at a younger woman 's legs. Two men and a woman are standing in front of a theater. Three people standing under a movie theater sign. Three people walking out of a movie.	People wait.	entailment
The young man is performing a somersault in the air with a bicycle. A man upside down while jumping a bicycle. A person is flipping on a trick bike. A bike rider performs a trick.	A cyclist doing a flip.	entailment
A brown dog with a tiny soccer ball in its mouth is standing on a blanket Blond Scottish Terrier with ball in mouth standing on blanket A dog is bringing a little soccer ball onto a human bed. A dog is on the bed holding a toy soccer ball.	A brown dog jumping over a rail.	contradiction
A snowboarder in focus in mid-jump with blurred mountain background. A young snowboarder catches some air on his black snowboard. A snowboarder in a blue hat catches some air. A snowboarder flying off a jump.	Boys looking at each other.	contradiction
Two young boys, dressed in full white martial arts uniforms with black, red, and white belts, are demonstrating a high kick move. Dressed in complete uniform, two young brothers practice martial arts on their parents ' balcony. Two young boys are practicing martial arts on a balcony. Two boys practice martial arts outside.	Men performing.	contradiction
A brunette woman in a striped shirt speaks to two blond women from behind a table. Two women happily talk to a street vendor in a striped shirt. Two women visiting a wine sample table. Women talking in the market	A woman stands.	entailment
Two men, one in a gray tattered suit and the other in a brown shirt, are looking down. A man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag. A man in brown shirt and a man in a gray ripped sweater outside. Two men not looking at pictures.	A man holding papers.	contradiction
A large amount of people are on a dance floor dancing. Women in dresses and men in suits dance at a party. Men and women are dancing together. A bunch of people on a dance floor.	A group dances.	entailment
An Asian man watching an event with large decorations with Chinese characters on them in the background. Asian person standing in front of a group of people playing flute style instruments. A man in a nice outfit stands in front of a band. The Chinese people is looking at something.	Man dancing.	contradiction
A person with short black hair, glasses, light blue long-sleeved shirt, and jeans is laying on a marble bench that is jutting out of a black brick wall. An Asian man wearing jeans and a blue button up shirt with a white collar lays on a park bench holding a light colored jacket. A person lying down on a bench with a blue shirt on. A man is laying on a bench outside.	A man is putting up advertisements.	contradiction
Three people are sitting at a table; the man is leaning back, the middle woman is on her laptop, and the woman on the left is looking at the man. A woman with glasses is looking at a gray laptop with two other people at a table in a yellow room. Three people sit around a table with a laptop and food on it. A group of friends relaxing together.	A man contemplating.	neutral
Group of people walking along sidewalk in between tall trees with port-o-potties on one side. A group of people walking along a tree-lined path that has portable bathrooms on the side. Several people stroll through a park with many trees. People walking and running along park path.	Backpackers walking.	neutral
Two women, both of which are wearing black shirts, are eating. Two young women in black t-shirts eat food at a table. Asians are eating at some cafeteria. Asian people are eating at a table.	Two women sitting outdoors.	contradiction
A girl in a blue shirt and tan shorts is standing on a road with a boy in a black shirt. A man and a woman wearing shorts are standing in an alley. A man in a black shirt has his back towards a woman. A man walks down a hill away from a woman.	A man having a conversation on a street.	neutral
A hallway has a sign that says " PORT DU CASQUE OBLIGATOIRE " and some graffiti. A man in a gray hooded sweatshirt rides his bicycle on a half pipe. A person rides his bike over graffiti drawn on the ground. A picture of a skateboard ramp and a French sign.	A kid doing tricks.	contradiction
A woman is standing and opening something while a man is sitting with his arm raised. A man animatedly conversing, while a woman attempts to open a container A man with his hands up in front of a table with bowls and ice cream. A woman fixing her drink with a man talking with his hands.	A woman scooping food.	neutral
People wearing black and orange jacket are walking on the snowy road and head towards the same direction The group of people are all wearing orange vests walking towards the building. A group of people wearing bright orange jackets are walking in the snow. People in orange vests walking on a snowy road.	Several men walking down a street.	neutral
A young child in violet clothes arches her back and touches the ground with her hands so that she is looking outward and upside down. A young girl wearing purple jeans and a purple jacket is standing on her arms and legs with her back toward the ground. A kid in a purple outfit is in the " bridge position ". A small girl in a purple jumpsuit does gymnastics.	Kids waiting.	contradiction
An old man unwrapping a present covered in newspaper, while a toddler plays with the scraps. Elderly man opening up a gift in a living room setting with a younger relative nearby. Mature male with a gift in his lap while a young child opens another gift. A man unwrapping a box with a boy standing beside him.	Guys wrestling.	contradiction
A boy wearing brown swings in a playground against a blue sky. A young sandy blond boy is at a park swinging on the swings. Two children at the height of a swing. A boy swings high under blue sky.	A child glances.	neutral
A man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him. A man in a cream blazer and fedora plays the saxophone. A man in a beige jacket and hat plays saxophone. A man in a brown coat is playing the saxophone.	A man plays an instrument in a public area.	entailment
They are three little girls and two of them are eating cookies. Three cute little girls with something green in their hands. Three little blond-haired girls eating snacks indoors. Two blond children are carrying cookies.	Kids standing.	neutral
Man in boat wearing athletic shorts, a backwards baseball cap and sunglasses unhooks a fish he has caught while fishing. There is a man with a gray shirt on his speed boat who caught a big fish, and has started to cut it open. A man catches a decent sized fish and is taking it off the hook A man on a boat unhooking a fish he just caught.	Men standing in front of a crowd.	contradiction
A tour guide in New York is passing by Times Square, likely describing the history and attractions the main square has to offer. A tour around the city with the tour guide on the speaker. People riding a tour bus seeing the big skyscrapers. A group of people are riding a tour bus in a city.	A group sits.	entailment
A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert. A group of people gathered at night watching an event. Several people are gathered and watching an event. A group of people gathered for an event	A man getting shaved by another man.	contradiction
A man with a turquoise vest and black pants sits down in front of a brick monument. A person in a turquoise vest is sitting on a stone bench with a few other people. People sitting a circle with a man in a green vest talking on the phone. Someone sitting down and talking on the phone.	A group having a meal.	contradiction
Older woman in yellow jacket, holds sign saying " DOWN AND OUT " in urban area. A man in a yellow slicker holds a sign saying " down and out ". Man with a yellow coat and a cardboard sign. Elderly woman in yellow parka pan handling	A lady sitting.	contradiction
A tiny little girl wearing pink stands by a man who is wearing brown and sitting down. The young girl in a pink outfit and the seated man both look are looking away. The man is sitting with a little girl in the park. A man and a little girl in a pink dress	Boys hugs each other.	contradiction
Eight people in blue shits and one woman on her cellphone that is wearing a black shirt and a skirt. Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse. A woman talks on the phone as a group of men talk before class. An Asian woman is talking on the phone outside of a hospital.	A group sitting.	neutral
A man is blowing bubbles from a blue bubble bottle while a woman smiles and another man drinks from a can. A group of friends stand around at night while one in a brown coat blows bubbles from a blue container. A woman is blowing bubbles while in the middle of a crowd. A man attempts to blow bubbles.	A group gathered.	entailment
Street vendors make sales on the sidewalk while cars pass on the busy city streets beside them. A dark-haired man with a mustache is sitting by a curb near busy traffic. A street vendor with dark hair and glasses, sitting on a folding chair. A man is sitting on a chair on a sidewalk.	Man selling something.	entailment
Children play with a remote-control boat in a pond with a boat house. Five young boys observe remote control boat in water. Five boys standing and one boy sitting by the lake. Children stand on shore watching a r.c. boat.	A child cooking.	contradiction
Five women are sitting in a greenhouse with desert succulent plants, possibly reading or discussing something together. Five people seated in a green house containing desert plant life. A group of people are sitting in a greenhouse. People sitting around in a greenhouse.	Some children sitting.	neutral
An African American mother and child look at the camera. A black woman holds a child wearing a blue dress. A mother and her child posing for a photo. A woman holds a toddler close to her.	A woman working while another woman watches.	contradiction
A golden dog is running through the snow. A blond lab runs in the snow. A dog runs through the snow. Brown dog runs in snow.	A dog walks across the snow.	contradiction
A person wearing deep sea scuba diving gear standing in front of a body of water that is surrounded by hills. There is a guy in a scuba outfit and he is in front of water and mountains. A person in SCUBA gear poses in front of a vast expanse of water. Someone dressed in scuba gear has a body of water behind him.	A man camping.	contradiction
A lady in a bonnet is selecting berries in an outdoor food area. A woman is sitting and making some food on a sidewalk. An elderly woman selling rice on the street corner. A woman is looking over her products.	A woman sorting food.	entailment
A dog looking at a ball that was thrown in the air above him and a colorful parrot standing nearby. The dog behind the red parrot is looking at the green ball. A colorful bird and a brown and white dog. A brightly colored bird and a small dog.	An animal sits.	entailment
Two children are casting shadows as they walk into the light of an open doorway. Two girls cast shadows in the doorway of a dark building. A young child is walking towards the door to the street Some children are standing in a doorway.	A little girl runs in the grass.	contradiction
A woman with an umbrella is sitting at a station, with an Aquos commercial on the wall. An old woman sits in a transit station next to a backlit advertisement. A little old lady sitting next to an advertisement. A woman sits in a subway station.	A woman waiting at a stop.	entailment
A woman is backpacking through a stream in front of a waterfall. A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall. A person crosses the stream in front of a waterfall. A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.	A woman hiking.	entailment
An old woman in a crowd of numerous individuals reaches to a collection of illuminated objects at night. A woman wearing a black beret is bending over near a group of lit lamps. An older lady a some kind of memorial lighting a candle. An elderly woman placing a candle.	A woman bounces.	contradiction
A young girl is lifted by a red-haired woman in glasses partially up a playground pole as the girl looks skyward with a large smile on her face. A little girl, in a blue and white shirt, with her mom at a playground. A little girl who is smiling is being lifted up by an adult. A little girl is helped up a bar by a woman.	A woman hiking.	contradiction
A girl with a soccer ball at her feet is standing in front of a boy. A girl plays soccer while a younger boy looks on. Two children play soccer next to a red cone. Two young children playing soccer.	A girl kicking a ball.	entailment
Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting. A little brown dog running through a field of grass A dog runs through the grass. A brown dog is about to jump.	A dog running through a grassy area.	entailment
A man in a black shirt with a pattern on the left shoulder listens to another man holding a drink. A man in a pink shirt is standing next to two younger men in a dark room. Two men wearing black shirt talking in a bar A few people at a bar.	A man smiling.	neutral
Two ladies and a teenage girl all dressed in summer attire are bending down and laughing, showing a small puppy to a little girl. The little girl in a flower dress is talking to the ladies on the street. A woman teaching a young girl not to be afraid of puppies. A woman bends down and pets a young girl 's dog.	A child plays with a puppy.	neutral
A black dog is trying to run with its legs buried in the snow. The dog is trying to outrun the deep snow. A dog plays in the snow. Dog lies in snow.	A tan dog stands.	contradiction
Little girl in a bicycle helmet touching a large brown horse. A little girl in a blue helmet is petting a horse. A kid in a bicycle helmet is standing by horse. A little girl with a brown horse.	A child is looking up.	neutral
An elderly woman wearing a striped hat, sunglasses, scarf, and blue plaid shirt. An elderly woman wearing sunglasses stands and looks at something. An old woman in a blue plaid shirt at an event. An old woman waits in a park.	A woman standing on a sidewalk smiling.	neutral
A man in white shirt showing off his cooking on a pan. A man shows off his stir fry for the camera. A bearded man shows off what he just cooked. A man holding out a pot of food.	Chef standing.	entailment
A woman in a red and white bathing suit is taking a picture for three friends that are traveling in front of the shops near a beach. A woman in a bikini takes pictures of people in front of a store. A girl in a bikini is taking a picture of a few people. A woman in a bikini takes a photo of three people.	A group poses for a picture.	entailment
An elderly woman is sweeping the sidewalk in front of a graffiti-covered building. An old woman standing in front of a white door in a wall covered in graffiti. A woman sweeps among the graffiti written on the outside of her home. An older lady wearing a green dress is sweeping her sidewalk.	A woman walking.	contradiction
There are two golden retrievers in this picture, but only one is visible and it appears to be smiling. A dog shows his teeth while playing with another dog. A brown dog is on the ground growling. A dog grinning at the camera.	A dog laying on his side.	neutral
Two girls, one with long dark hair pulled back and one with long dark hair flying, are playing in ankle-deep water. On an overcast day, two young girls, laugh and play along the wet sands of a beach. Two girls are barefoot and splashing in the water. Two young girls splashing in a puddle	Children jump.	entailment
An elderly man in a blue shirt with a bike holding a camera. An old man standing beside his bike holding a photo camera. Bill Cunningham on the streets of NYC. An old cyclist grabs his camera.	A man does crunches.	contradiction
A man in long plaid shorts and an Easter hat carrying a black bookbag walks with a heavyset woman with pink hair and wearing a hippie style dress walk away from the camera following many other similarly dressed people. A lot of people walking on a dirt road, wearing summer clothes on a sunny day. Concert goers walking towards a festival. A woman wearing a drafty dress.	A group walks with a child.	contradiction
Two children in casual clothing are lying in the grass on a sunny day. Two young children smile as they lay on green grass. Two children playing in the grass. Two children lay in the grass.	A child looking down.	contradiction
A man about to paraglide from the water. A man glides on top of the water. Man holding harness waterskiing A man on the sea.	A man skates while leaning forward.	contradiction
A large group of people are walking towards something, and most of them have backpacks. A place crowded with people coming and going. Various people are walking on a street. A crowd of people together in one area.	Group standing outside.	entailment
A group of four men and one woman talking in front of a room filled with tables and chairs. A group of people stand around talking with drinks in their hands. People gathering outside of a conference or dinner room. People with drinks gather in a room.	A man snowboarding.	contradiction
The motocross bike is doing a jump in the air in front of the crowd. A motocross rider doing a jump in front of an audience. A dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd. The motocross rider does a trick in the air.	Man performing a trick.	neutral
A man with the American flag on a white shirt is standing on the sidewalk in front of a liquor store. A man stands between two windows, one of which advertises " Liquors " in front of an American flag. A male is looking down in front of two displays that one has a flag in. A man stands in front of a liquor store with a bright display.	Man leaning against a wall.	neutral
Small white dog with spot on back leaping in air with football in mouth with small boy and man watching. A small black brown and white dog catches a football in midair as a man and child look on. A man and a small boy watch their small, white dog catch a toy in the air. A man and a boy watch a dog leap to catch a ball.	A man standing.	entailment
A picture of two women with one in lacy white dress with handbag and leggings and the other with a tall red hat, black mid-dress, and frame like plastic dress on top. Two women are posing for a picture; one wearing a white dress, and the other wearing a white and black costume, and tall, red hair. The woman on the left is having her picture taken with another woman who is wearing a tall pink hat. Ladies stand for a picture at an event.	Mother and child posing for a picture.	contradiction
A woman sitting on a bench next to someone wearing a hat and sitting in a wheelchair. An elderly person in a wheelchair next to a girl sitting on a bench. A woman is sitting on a bench next to a person in a wheelchair. Lady out with an elder person in wheelchair, in the sun.	A woman is standing.	contradiction
A person wearing a cone-shaped hat is walking down the street with many bags. Person carrying a bunch stuff in a shoulder sac walking along a sidewalk. An Asian woman is standing on the curb with her shopping bags. An Asian man walking down the street.	A man conducting.	contradiction
A person in a helmet is doing tricks on their bike after jumping off of a ramp. A mountain biker catching some after taking off a ramp on a trail. A BMXer is getting high air off this ramp in the forest. A helmeted biker flying off a ramp in the woods.	Many children jump.	contradiction
Dark-skinned man is lying down with his hands folded and a paper laying on him. A man who is laying on the floor with headphones on and eyes closed. Man sleeps with newspaper folded on his stomach. A man seems to have fallen asleep on the floor.	A man rests.	entailment
A man playing a bass guitar, a man playing an electric guitar, and a man playing drums are on a stage. Two men playing guitars are in a building with a stage and lights. Two men with electric guitars perform on stage. A band plays a gig to a crowd.	The guitarist plays in the background.	entailment
A man and his daughter are posing for a picture in a brightly colored field of yellow flowers. A man and a young child are in a meadow filled with yellow flowers. A dad and his son, both in green, smile in a field of flowers. A father and son are in a field of yellow flowers.	A man holding someone's hand.	neutral
Two college aged kids are walking down the street dressed as though they are injured. Two men covered in red paint or blood on a busy sidewalk. Men in zombie makeup standing on a busy street. Two young men coming from a concert.	A group dressed up.	neutral
A crowd of people are standing behind a railing watching something in the distance. A group of people wait behind a barricade and look toward the right. A group of people waiting outside a fenced in area. A group of people wait behind a metal fence.	A group enjoying an event.	neutral
Young women in colorful costumes raise their hands in happiness. Colorfully-dressed women on stage throw their hands in the air. A group of people extending their open hands into the air. A group of brightly-colored performers pose as a group.	Group lining up.	neutral
Someone in a black sweatshirt and jeans leaps into the air on a beach while a kneeling person in jeans and a black jacket takes a photograph. Two people dressed in black sweatshirts are enjoying athletic activities on a deserted beach. A person dressed in black clothing is jumping on a beach. Two friends having a great day on a beach.	A man jumping over a log.	neutral
A crowd of people, a few with signs, walk down a broad path in a city park. A large amount of people walking through a park on a sunny day. Many people walking, some are holding up signs. Activists marching through park on sunny day.	A group having a race.	contradiction
A crowd of people have witnessed a car accident involving two vehicles, a red car and a blue car. A group of onlookers stares at two wrecked vehicles, one of which was flipped onto its side. A group of people are gathered around a car on the ground and a car turned on its side. Bystanders watch the aftermath of an accident between a red and black car.	A crowd standing.	entailment
Two men are playing guitars and one man is singing into a microphone on a stage with the spotlight on them. A three man band is performing on stage. Three guys playing music on stage. A band is performing on stage.	Riders stand.	contradiction
A man leans against a large rock during the middle of the day. A man with a blue baseball cap on is sleeping against a rock. A man in a plaid shirt napping against a large, gray rock. A man wearing a hat taking a nap.	A man resting his head.	entailment
Quarterback waiting for snap of football. Football players are on the field. A football game in progress. Two football teams compete.	A crowd watches.	neutral
A man sitting in a racing car with black sunglasses and a look that reads " I 'm ready to win. " A man in sunglasses sits in a race car with an exposed engine. A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a small vehicle. A man sits inside a dragster.	Driver sitting.	entailment
Three gentlemen using a hose to pipe something out of an oil drum. Three men are working together to pump gas from a barrel. An aerial view of three men attaching a hose to a barrel. Three men are standing around a barrel.	A man rests.	contradiction
A boy in blue and red goggles is swimming. A boy swimming who is wearing goggles. Boy with goggles swimming in water. A boy in goggles is swimming.	Kids swim.	entailment
A lone woman in red shirt staring upwards with a man wearing glasses looking towards her, in the distance. A child with brown hair and an orange t-shirt sitting at a table. A woman in a red shirt with her left hand under her chin. A young woman deep in thought.	A woman reaches up.	contradiction
A man wearing striped black and white shirt is walking across the road, along others. A skinny white man wearing a backpack is walking across the street. A man wearing eyeglasses and shorts crossing the street. A man in a striped shirt and walking.	A man looking at something.	neutral
Two women are walking down the beach carrying boards and flippers. Two surfers preparing to enter the water for a competition. Two women surfers carrying their boards across the beach. Two women carrying surfboards.	Women walking and palm trees.	neutral
A man under colorful stage lights playing a guitar. A local musician up on stage, playing guitar. A musician is playing guitar on stage. Man playing guitar on stage	A man stepping up.	contradiction
Two men are sitting in chairs in front of a building while a group of people climb a set of steps. There are two men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella. Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy. Two gondoliers sitting in Venice	Two men rest in a car.	contradiction
A street market where goods of fruit and vegetables are being sold by three men, one wearing a long-sleeve white shirt and checked bottoms, the next wearing a yellow shirt with green checkered bottoms, and the last in red. Three Indian men are sitting together with baskets of fresh fruit, vegetables, and herbs in baskets at their feet. A group of men selling fruit and vegetables on the side of the road. Men sit with their produce in a street market.	A street performer performs on a street.	contradiction
Man giving a presentation at the Australian War Memorial on an Apple MacBook. A man in a red shirt speaking from a pulpit with a Mac. Man gives a speech before a conference audience. Man giving a speech possibly at a seminar.	A man training.	neutral
A man in formal wear, holding a microphone in one hand and a pen in the other, appears to be giving a speech. A man in a plaid shirt and suit coat has a microphone in one hand and a pen in the other. A man with a pen in his right hand speaks into a microphone. A public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone.	Nuns talking.	contradiction
A group of men are re-enacting a battle and have a woman as their prisoner. A group of people are crowded together being sprayed with water. Men dressed in khaki are holding a man by the arms. People are acting the " Passion of Christ ".	A man with a beard standing.	neutral
A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill overlooking a range. Four people relaxing on a grassy hill overlooking a rocky valley. A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view. Four people are sitting at the top of a hill.	A man and women sitting.	neutral
A man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick. A shirtless man standing on the edge of a stream. A man in red shorts standing on rocks by a stream The hiker nears a creek.	A man sitting next to a man.	contradiction
A white dog lifts its paw as it stands on the grass near striped poles. The small furry white dog is walking in the green grass. A dog trots through the grass. A fluffy white dog is outside.	A dog biting the ear of another dog.	contradiction
Two police officers wearing florescent vests standing on the sidewalk while people pass by. A man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard. Two policemen in neon yellow jackets stand while others walk by. Two policemen standing on a sidewalk with people passing by.	A man with a blue bag walks by.	neutral
Men are running and jumping and twisting in the air as a crowd of people watches. A crowd gathers to watch two men performing a Brazilian dance. Martial artists perform in front of a crowd outdoors. A group watching two men in white shirts perform.	Some men sitting.	neutral
People are walking on the street in front of tall buildings at nighttime. Outside in a courtyard, people are walking by in the nighttime A city at night with people walking around. Beautiful place at nighttime.	Two ladies walking down a street.	entailment
A choir, in spotlight, standing in a semi-circle, being lead by a conductor, who is in shadow in front of the choir, and wearing a gray and black striped shirt and black pants The conductor is facing the chorus while they look at their booklets and sing. A mid-sized mixed gender choir sings while the director motions to keep beat. A choir singing together being conducted by their conductor.	A man conducting a musician.	entailment
Four kids sit on the back of a guy in a banana suit while he does push ups. A man in a banana custom is carrying four children on his back. Children sit on top of somebody in a banana suit. Kids are sitting on a man in a banana suit.	Three children playing a game.	contradiction
A black cat playing with a white puppy next to a duck toy. A dog and a cat are playing on a wooden floor. A black cat hugging a white and gray dog. A husky and a black cat nuzzling.	A woman has several dogs.	contradiction
Four kids playing, one in a red dress one in a pink shirt, one in a white shirt and a little boy with his arm through a green toy. One young girl in a dress, and three young children leaning against a wall. A group of children playing and having a good time. Young children playing with paper.	Asian children sit on a bench.	contradiction
A group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate. Group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street. A group of people cross the street with buckets and poles. A group of teenagers wait to cross the street.	Asian children waiting.	neutral
Man wearing a black fedora hat, blue shirt, strumming an electric guitar with rhythm slider on his left pinkie finger. A man in a blue shirt and black hat playing guitar. A man in a black shirt and hat plays guitar. A man wearing a fedora playing a guitar.	A white man watches other men.	contradiction
Here is a picture of a metro link worker making sure all passengers are safely riding on the bus. A man is wearing an orange vest with black writing on it. A man wearing an inspector vest standing on a bus. Inspector in a vest riding the bus.	A guy waterskiing.	contradiction
On a cul de sac street with the circle in the background, a smiling young girl wearing a lavender top and blue jeans sits on a large, red rubber ball, the palms of her hands flatly on the ball in front of her. A smiling girl in a pink shirt sitting on a red cement ball on the sidewalk. A young girl in a pink shirt sitting on a red ball. A girl in a pink shirt sitting on a red ball.	A child running for a ball.	contradiction
A brown dog wearing a collar is running through some water. A brown dog is running in the water by the beach. A dog running through the water. A brown dog runs down a beach.	A dog weaves in and out of a crowd.	contradiction
Two girls and two boys of school age have stopped on the beach, near the waters edge and while an adult woman looks on are looking at a clear display case one girl holds. Girl holding clear plastic container with water, while four other kids watch. Children viewing a small container. Kids looking at something outside.	A group of children gathers.	entailment
A young boy with a necklace on in the water. A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool. A little boy in a swimming pool. A boy in a swimming pool.	A boy standing.	contradiction
Five people sitting around a campfire, one of them puts a stick in the fire. People around a campfire while one guy is stoking the fire Four campers enjoy an evening around a wood fire. Some people are gathered around a fire.	A clown sits.	contradiction
A girl with her hair pulled back is wearing sunglasses. A woman in sunglasses is brushing her hair back. A woman with red hair is wearing sunglasses. A girl in sunglasses walks by a red car.	A woman jogging.	contradiction
There are three girls with headscarves in front of a worn down building and a family walking in the background. Three girls with head wraps carrying objects while standing on unpaved surface. Three women are walking through the street in a rural Middle-Eastern town. Three women with headscarves holding packages, two smiling, one not.	A group of girls posing.	entailment
A white dog lifts its paw as it stands on the grass near striped poles. A white dog competing in an agility event. A dog trots through the grass. A fluffy white dog is outside.	A wet black dog walking.	contradiction
An uniformed man leans out of a side pilot 's window of a large American Airline aircraft to wash the cockpit 's window. Pilot of a plane reaching out the window and washing the windshield while the plane is on the ground. A man wearing a white shirt is washing the outside window on the front of an airplane. A man in a dress shirt wiping the window of an American Airlines airplane.	A man sitting on a stoop.	contradiction
A blond-haired boy wearing a checkered shirt and black shoes is at the lakeside. A little boy standing on a big rock with his arms raised looking out over a lake. A little boy is standing on a rock in front of a lake his arms flung wide. A young boy balances on top of a rock on a sunny day near a lake.	A kid standing.	entailment
Protesters fight for the children 's rights. A group of protesters are carrying signs. A group of protesters are holding signs. A group of people protesting.	A large group walking.	entailment
Adults, and children in school uniforms, move through a flock of pigeons. A pair of children in uniforms running through a flock of pigeons. Children in uniforms chase pigeons. School children chase some pigeons.	A child does dishes.	contradiction
A man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks. Small roadside kiosk with attendant sitting in a green shirt and pale yellow hat. The man in the white hat has various items on the sidewalk. A man in a sombrero sits next to a newsstand.	A vendor sitting on a stool.	entailment
A man standing by a boat at a dock surrounded by rocky terrain and water and two other boats. A man by a white, yellow and red boat on a boat ramp near the water. Man cleaning boat, at boat dock. An old man is cleaning his boat.	A man petting a cat.	contradiction
A long-haired man stands at a microphone playing a pink Hello Kitty guitar. A guitarist playing an electric guitar with Hello Kitty on the front. A musician plays a Hello Kitty electric guitar. A man is about to play his guitar.	A man holds an instrument.	entailment
One gentleman in a hat and off white shirt is chatting with another gentleman in a black shirt while they are sipping hot drinks. Man with green hat and white shirt having tea with a man wearing a black hooded jacket and glasses. Two foreign men have teacups in hands and are looking each other in the eye. Two older gentlemen having coffee or tea and a serious discussion.	A crowd enjoying themselves.	contradiction
A little boy is sleeping in a shopping cart while in a grocery store. An Asian child sleeping in a grocery cart in a grocery store. A young ball falls asleep in a shopping cart. A tired child resting in a shopping cart.	Boys singing.	contradiction
Young girl in red skirt jumping in water on a flooded street. Little girl jumping in water puddle A small girl jumps in a puddle. A girl jumping in a puddle.	Child playing in a puddle.	entailment
A boy is swimming underwater and bubbles are coming out of his mouth. A young boy diving through the water with his eyes open. A young boy is underwater in a swimming pool. A boy is blowing bubble underwater.	A child holds up.	contradiction
A guy with long hair wearing a red shirt is playing guitar and smoking at the same time. The man in the pink shirt is playing the guitar and smoking a cigarette. A bass player in a red shirt is playing while smoking a cigarette. A man in a red shirt plays a red bass while on stage.	A group dressed up.	contradiction
A man wearing a construction hat and gloves works with machinery. A factory worker is wearing an orange hard hat while working. A man wearing a sleeveless shirt and construction helmet. A factory worker is working at a machine	A man holding a metal part.	neutral
A young boy wearing a bright yellow raincoat, jean shorts and sandals squats down as he looks at an older boy and girl who are standing next to him and looking down some railroad tracks. Three children all wearing Capri pants and long-sleeved hooded jackets anxiously await a train. Three children look down the train tracks to watch the train come in. Three children are standing on the platform next to train tracks.	Children wait.	entailment
An artist wearing a red and black sweater painting a mural on the side of a brick building. Man in a red and black striped shirt painting a picture on a fence. A man wearing jeans and sandals drawing in a wall. A man is painting graffiti on a building.	A man giving another man a haircut.	contradiction
A group of students who play the saxophone are preparing for a concert. Several young people holding saxophones prepare for a performance. A group of music students are holding their saxophones. A high school band getting ready to perform.	A cyclist waiting.	contradiction
A man, wearing a white t-shirt and jeans, sits on two stacked crates while playing a guitar for tips. A smiling man wearing blue jeans and a blue shirt plays a guitar in front of several other people. An old black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the string guitar during the day. Guy playing the guitar and smiling.	A gentleman smiles.	entailment
A seated man playing a small guitar next to a standing man plucking a bass. A man with a double bass and a man with a mandolin play music. The two gentleman are playing stringed instruments. Two men play instruments.	Men standing in a city.	neutral
Woman wearing dark pants, white top and gray shawl is motioning to a large cooking appliance in a retail store. A woman is shopping for a stove top in a home improvement store and has found one that she likes. A woman showing a large freestanding grill at what looks to be a Home Depot store. An older woman models a large grill installation at a home center.	A lady posing.	entailment
A man in a green shirt and black hat is smoothing concrete. Two men in green and white cementing a patio in a yard. A man is smoothing freshly poured cement over a patio. A man in a green shirt smoothing wet concrete.	A man hands something to another man.	contradiction
A person wearing dark blue and holding a bright red umbrella is reflected in the rainy pavement. A stout gentleman does not know how to use his umbrella. Person with red umbrella walks across a wet sidewalk. Person walking with umbrella in the rain.	A man carries an umbrella.	entailment
Three men smile at the camera surrounded by a pile of green and yellow fruits. Three children are sorting our a large quantity of green apples. Three men in a foreign country sorting limes. Young boys organizing fruit.	A man sits at a table with a laptop.	contradiction
A man with his shirt open, lays in the sun on the grass. A middle-aged man soaks up the sun in a public park. A man is getting some sun in a busy park. A man in the park sunbathing	Men walking down the hill.	contradiction
A woman wearing a kimono is walking along a busy street. A woman in a kimono walking on a busy street. People walking on a crowded street. People walking in a street.	Another lady holding an umbrella.	contradiction
A teenage boy who is wearing red and black is jumping up to knock a basketball out of the hand of a teenage boy wearing white and orange while a crowd watches. Basketball player in the orange uniform attempts to block the shot of the player in the white uniform. A man with a white shirt that has the number " 45 " on it holds a ball while another man with a red shirt that has the number " 1 " on it pushes his hand. A boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously.	A man makes a basket.	neutral
There is a shirtless man leaning against a wall and a woman in a red shirt with her back to him. Two people stand against a wall after a workout. A man and a woman resting after exercise. A man and a woman relaxing after a workout	A man sitting on a bench taking a break from work.	contradiction
A girl with her arm around a boy covering his face. A little girl puts her arm around a little boy. A blond boy and a girl in pajamas with makeup. A young girl hugs a little boy.	A child has food.	neutral
People walking in a big city along where the public street transportation runs. A view of a city sidewalk, with 4 passersby in the foreground. Four people are walking down the sidewalk in a busy city. People are walking on a sidewalk in a city.	Pedestrians walking.	entailment
A woman hiking upstream while a man watched from the side. Two hikers are in the water trying to cross. A man and a woman are crossing a stream. A family is hiking through a spring.	A man with a hat and a woman walk.	entailment
A man, wearing a black shirt and striped tie, talking on the phone and reviewing paperwork. A man in glasses smiles as he answers the phone in the office. Crazy looking guy hard at work in his cube. An officer worker making a phone call.	Men sitting outside talking.	contradiction
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy. A dark colored animal splashes in the water. The dog is swimming in the water. Someone splashing in the water.	A dog fetching a stick.	neutral
A smiling old man with a mustache displays the process of flattening and curing meat. A baker is making food at a kitchen counter. This man is happy to show off his work. An older man is cooking in his house.	A man explaining.	entailment
A middle-aged man, wearing a dark blue shirt, is picking grapes from a vineyard. Forty something blond man in short sleeves focuses intently on his gardening A yard man in the middle checking green bushes. An older man is tending to a garden.	A man squints.	neutral
Four figures hold orange drinks as they converse in a living room beside a window. Three women wearing business clothing standing in front of a window. Three women in a room drinking and having conversation. Three women hold drinks in a decorated room.	A lady laughing.	neutral
An artist wearing a red jacket and blue jeans painting on the street while wearing headphones. The man wearing a red jacket is admiring artwork. A man draws a picture of a downtown landscape. A man concentrates on his painting.	A man talks while leaning on a fence.	contradiction
Group of people having a great fun on the streets of their city with balloons and flags. A group of people walking celebrating the gay parade. A crowd of people walking in a parade. A crowd observes a celebration.	A group waving rainbow flags.	entailment
A man in a suit touches his head while another speaks at a microphone. A man wearing a suit scratches the back of his head at a meeting. A picture taken from the back of some kind of large meeting hall. A man is scratching his head at a meeting while a person spoke.	A speaker speaking.	entailment
A man relaxing on the beach, in a colorful tent. A shirtless man is lying in a colorful tent. A man is laying in a small multicolor tent. A white man is lying down in a small tent.	A guy taking shots.	contradiction
An eclectic crowd gathers in front of two buildings in broad daylight surrounded by signs of the Boston Red Sox and companies associated with Boston. Many people are gathered in a city street near two large brown buildings. Many people on the street corner with brown buildings. A crowd of people walk in the middle of a town.	A crowd talking.	entailment
A large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling. A dog sits back on his hind legs and another dog stoops down. Two black and white dogs are playing together outside. A smaller puppy playfully nips at a larger dog.	A man walks a dog.	contradiction
A young man in blue shorts using a machete to open coconuts. Shirtless man holding a green fruit out toward the camera. Native man with fresh coconut cut open for offer. An African male is offering fruit to someone.	A man crouching down.	contradiction
A man in sweatpants dancing under an outdoor pavilion with two girls in the background. A football is airborne near a man in gray sweatpants and some other people. A group of people are getting together for some fun and dancing. A young man in a black shirt throwing a football.	Man making signals.	contradiction
Two little blond boys play on a bed in a room with wood paneling. Two boys with blond hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed. Two little boys are playing together on the bed. Two blond boys are playing on a bed.	Boys fight.	contradiction
The man in the background is grilling food while the man in the foreground is talking to the camera. A man wearing glasses and a blue jacket is smiling while men behind him are cooking on a grill. Some men are standing around a grill as some are cooking. Some men in windbreakers grill hotdogs.	Employees smile.	neutral
Girls dressed in red and blue tops with large green skirts made to look like a roulette wheel perform outdoors. A group of various kinds of people wear black hats and skirts that appear to be based off of casino games. A group of people are dancing in colorful costumes in front of a Fired Earth interiors store. A woman is dressed up like playing cards for some type of parade.	An old lady walking down a street.	contradiction
A young girl is hopping from one square stone to another, along a path. A little girl is playing by jumping from one stepping stone to another. A young girl is hoping from stone to stone in her bare feet. The girl is hopping on each squares on the grass.	A woman playing hopscotch.	contradiction
Two chefs trying to figure out how to prepare the meal. Two men in a kitchen looking at a leg of venison. Two men in a kitchen holding an object. A man explaining how to prepare a meal.	Two men making food.	entailment
An older man sitting in a very small bathtub with a candle lit, looking at the camera. A man soaking in a tiny bathtub in a bathroom illuminated by a candle in a wine bottle. A man relaxes in a tub of water with a candle lit behind him. A middle-aged man is bathing in a sink.	Man clapping.	contradiction
A young woman photographed mid-jump, in a fenced area. An equestrian jumps in the air in the horse yard. A girl in white pants and a blue tank top jumps. A girl in a blue shirt leaps into the air.	A girl jumping high.	entailment
Two men on bicycles, dressed with helmets and racing jerseys, are exiting from a building. Two competitive cyclists ride through a corridor. Two men on bicycles competing in a race. Avid bikers riding indoors.	Riders going past.	neutral
A young Asian girl in orange pants, gold jewelry, and a gold crown, holds an orange parasol while she walks through a grassy park with others. A young girl is wearing a native costume and carrying a red parasol while walking through a grassy outdoor area. Young girls in colorful costumes celebrate their culture. Young woman in ceremonial clothing walking with parasol.	A child carries a red umbrella.	entailment
One woman and two young girls are sitting outside on chairs made out of tree stumps. An Asian woman and two Asian children are sitting on chairs on a wooden deck. A woman and two children are sitting on wooden furniture outdoors. Two kids and a woman are sitting outside on a porch.	A mom taking a picture.	neutral
A man in a black long-sleeved tee-shirt is walking down the street with a cane. A man in sunglasses and shorts carrying a stick is walking. The old man with a cane is listening to a Walkman. Gray-haired man walks down the street.	A gentleman walking.	entailment
An unidentified woman sleeping in a very unusual nook of a decorative stone structure. A person with a blue shirt on lying down with a hat on their face. A person in a blue shirt is sleeping in an ancient monument. A woman in a blue shirt rests with a hat over her face.	A woman takes a picture of some plants.	contradiction
A man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married. This is a man and woman who are holding up a marriage certificate. Newlywed couple is posing with their marriage certificate. A man and woman holding a marriage certificate.	A man standing looking down.	neutral
An orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away. A vehicle has just released a boat into the water as a man in red stands on shore. An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby. The boat rushed off.	Someone watches.	entailment
A woman with white hair chisels at an uncompleted sculpture. White-haired man works on sculpture. An artist creating a sculpture. A white-haired man sculpting.	A man doing artwork.	entailment
A group of people walking on the surf, two of which are men holding their surfboards, one is blue and one is white. A group of people are gathered on the beach, one man is carrying a surfboard out of the water. Surfers and families are at a beach on an overcast day. Surfers and bathers on the beach.	A surfer jumps.	neutral
A bro is skating on a rail in a skate park with not much around except green grass and concrete. A boy with jean shorts and bright blue sneakers is riding a skateboard next to a tall fence. A shirtless teen grinding on the rail with his skateboard. A teenager is skateboarding in an empty park.	A skateboarder does a trick.	entailment
A man with a grimaced face forces himself to eat an unusual food with chopsticks. One man looks nervous about eating a small animal limb with chopsticks. An older gentleman about to eat something slimy with chopsticks. Disgruntled man eating strange food with chopsticks.	A man holding some kind of food.	entailment
Group of children in blue an gray uniforms outside standing in front of a blue and green building. Children all dressed the same are standing outside a building. Dark-haired children wearing school uniforms play outside. Boys in uniform wait outside a building.	Some children posing.	entailment
Three young people sit at a table together with food, and one of them gives peace signs on each hand. Two men and a woman sit at a table, the woman holds up her hands in the peace symbol. A woman is flashing the " peace " symbol with her fingers on both hands. A girl poses with friends and food.	A girl eats.	entailment
A woman looks skeptically at the person taking a picture of her and three girls who are outdoors. A group of women converse together while overlooking the views of the foliage. Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence. Women are outside.	A group standing.	entailment
A group of men playing soccer in a stadium full of people. A soccer game where a corner kick is about to take place. Soccer players guard a goal during a soccer match. Spectators view of soccer game.	Fans walking.	neutral
A man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dog 's back A running dog and a standing man on a dry field of grass. A man stands over a brown and black dog in the grass. An attack dog is working with his trainer.	A man sitting.	contradiction
A group of people walking in a large market with a yellow moped left alone at the front of the street. People, including a man and a woman in pink shirts, are walking along a Chinese street. People are walking down a street with a yellow moped in the fore-ground. People walking through an Asian marketplace.	Tourists walking.	entailment
Three girls in street clothes and sneakers perform act out a synchronized performance or dance while on a stage. Three female dancers are doing dance moves on stage of an auditorium. Three women are up on a stage dancing. Three females dancing on stage.	A girl sits at a table.	contradiction
Three oriental women and girls buying and looking at small prints in a store. An Asian woman in a yellow shirt looking at postcards while at the register. Three Asian women purchasing and shopping for postcards in a modern store. There are people shopping in a store.	A woman rollerskating.	contradiction
A little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball. A little boy chasing a ball through his poor city. A little boy is playing ball in a slum-like area. A toddler walking around barefoot in rubble.	A man stops another man.	contradiction
A group of people are sitting on a ledge in front of a building. A bunch of people sitting outside a building at night. Just hanging out at club Saw and having a great time. Bust scene outside of a club.	A child stands.	contradiction
A man riding the subway with an open book startlingly looking on. A man that is standing on the train is reading a book. A man with a shaved head is reading a book on a train. A group of people riding on a crowded bus.	A man surrounded by others.	entailment
An adult ice skating with a small child with a red shirt on an ice skating rink. An adult helping a child ice skate together on a dark rink. An adult is holding up a child who is trying to ice skate. A man helping a young child rollerskate.	A parent helping her son.	entailment
Two dogs are competing for an object in one 's mouth nearby a beach. A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach. Two tan dogs share a blue ball while standing on a beach. Two dogs by water fighting over blue ball	Dogs play with a small ball.	entailment
A young boy with flour on his nose and cheeks is dressed in overalls and an apron has his hands in a bowl while he smiles for the camera. A young boy with flower on his face mixes dough in a striped shirt, overalls and an apron. A young child working in the kitchen has powder all over his face. Little boy with flour on his face.	A child standing up.	entailment
A woman carries her baby while crossing the street. A woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms. A woman is crossing the street holding a baby. Woman and baby crossing street.	A woman walking.	entailment
People of all ages participating in an enacting of a war scene while it 's raining. Children dressed in historic military uniforms in the rain. Boys, dressed in uniforms, stand in the rain. Boys a part of a parade get stuck in the rain.	Another child walks away.	neutral
A dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water. The dog is holding a branch, swimming in the river. The dog retrieves the branch from the water. A dog in water carrying a long stick.	A dog walking.	neutral
A man makes celebratory gestures among a crowd at night. The man and one of the women have their hands raised. People yell with their arms stretched at night. Man and woman cheering	Guy singing.	contradiction
Two girls are conversing in front of some other people and a keyboard. Two women at a party having a conversation. Two girls are talking at a party. Two women talking closely.	A woman listening.	entailment
A small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach. A little boy wearing a yellow tank top is laughing. Boy in yellow tank top laughing on a beach. A young Asian boy running on the sand	Child smiles.	entailment
A man and woman, both in black, dance outside of a restaurant while an older man is on a microphone. One man has a microphone, while a nearby couple dances. A couple is ballroom dancing in an open room. A couple of dancers are doing the tango.	Man doing push ups.	contradiction
A man wearing a creme jacket and white pants carrying a blue bag on his right shoulder walking up stone steps. A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag. Man with camera and bag walking up stairs A person walking up the stairs.	A man climbs up.	entailment
The yellow dog is carrying a stick by water. A dog in water holds a stick in its mouth. A large yellow dog is retrieving a stick. A tan dog holding a stick in his mouth.	A German Shepherd running.	neutral
Fish-eye view of a man in Rollerblades grinding at the top of a ramp. A man on inline skates at a skate park A young man does tricks on a ramp. A man rollerblading on a ramp	Someone performing a skateboard trick.	contradiction
A tired looking Hispanic man in a white long-sleeved shirt sitting down. The man with a white shirt is setting back watching people walk by. A man in white shirt looking somewhere. An Asian man sitting on a city street.	Men smiling at each other.	neutral
A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together. An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy. A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog in a grassy yard. A puppy with blue eyes runs, an older dog with blue eyes stands behind.	Two medium sized dogs.	neutral
A group of people walking between two buildings. People walking along a path on a sunny day. People are walking by a building. A busy day in the city streets.	Women and men walking.	entailment
A trio of male musicians are performing with one playing a guitar and singing into a microphone, another holding a harmonica, and the third playing a bass guitar. A group of musicians playing some music in front of a building. A man is singing into a microphone while playing a guitar. A group of musicians performing.	Man playing many instruments on stage.	contradiction
A professional bicyclist wearing a yellow shirt and black shorts rides by an old building. A person in a yellow shirt cycles past a historic looking building. A man in yellow is biking past a gray building with columns. A man wearing yellow riding a bike.	A rider rides along a street.	entailment
Basketball players in the middle a game with the main subject jumping up to retrieve the ball. A basketball player is shooting while his teammates and the other team look on. Male athlete in midair, wearing white shorts and high top shoes. A College Basketball player makes a Layup.	Man brushes his teeth.	contradiction
Three men, dressed in rain gear are standing on the deck of a boat preparing to clean fish. Three rain suit clad fisherman gut a fish on the deck of their fishing vessel. Three men in yellow jumpsuits are standing on a boat cutting fish. Three men in yellow, are on a boat cutting up fish.	Men gather.	entailment
A black dog and a white dog with brown spots are staring at each other in the street. Two dogs of different breeds looking at each other on the road. Two dogs on pavement moving toward each other. A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting	A brown dog playing in the sand.	contradiction
Three people are standing outside a big white boat. Three men work to moor a large boat to the dock. Three men standing on deck by a large boat. Three men at a dock anchoring a ship.	A man has a guitar.	contradiction
Two young blond girls in white dress with flowers looking at horses pulling a white carriage on a brick road. Regal horse and white carriage scene with female driver and two blond little flower girls dressed in white. Two little girls wearing white dresses are standing next to a white carriage attached to two horses. Two young flower girls stand hand-in-hand by a white carriage pulled by two black horses.	Children looking at animals.	entailment
A woman is leading an exercise group on the seashore. A group of people are doing aerobics in the ocean. A group exercise session at the beach. Many people exercising in the ocean	Women do gymnastics.	entailment
There is a black and white dog running on a mat with a man in a blue shirt watching. A dog is running an obstacle course while a man in blue stands behind. A small dog with a ball in its mouth running through a course. A black and white dog is performing tricks on a course.	An antelope runs.	contradiction
This guy in the green shirt is showing how easy it is to jump and act a fool on wet surface. Man in jeans and sweatshirt jumping in air on wet surface that shows reflection. One man outside, jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread out. A person jumps over a pool of water and their reflection is shown.	A man posing stretched out.	neutral
A cyclist in a helmet is driving down a slope on his bike. A biker lands on the ground after flying through the air. One biker wearing a helmet is jumping over an obstacle. A person on a red bike.	A rider does maneuvers.	entailment
A man playing an acoustic guitar on a stone ledge in public with his belongings by his side. A man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street. A man dressed casually and playing his guitar for tips. A man plays guitar along the side of a street.	A man sitting at a bus stop.	neutral
A little boy in red walks in between branches in a tree. A child in a red shirt climbs on play equipment. A boy in a red shirt walking on tree branches. A boy climbing through branches.	A boy stands.	contradiction
Brown horse standing in the background while man in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off. The crowd watches the horse, staring at the cowboy as he leaves the arena, wondering what will happen next. Cowboy on foot in some enclosed area with a horse with spectators. A man dressed as a cowboy walks away from a brown horse.	A man has a happy expression.	neutral
Two well padded boxers face off in a high school gym as people watch. Two men are in a boxing match, with an audience watching. Two men in the middle of the action of a fighting match. Two men wearing boxing gear and engaging in a match.	Fighters fighting.	entailment
A man wearing a black baseball cap and holding a white sweatshirt is near a white Acura. The young man with a white sweatshirt walks away from the white Acura vehicle. A man holding a white sweatshirt stands next to a white car. A man walking on the sidewalk holding a white sweater.	A man peeking.	contradiction
A man in sunglasses clapping his hands in front of a large group of young people surrounding him. A group of black children, huddled around a white soldier, they are all clapping. African American children hold their hands up like a man in front of them. People gathered around a man in uniform who is clapping.	Children standing.	entailment
A basketball player tries to aim for the goal while being blocked by other players. A group of basketball players trying to get the ball from another player. A group of high school basketball players play a game. A basketball player with several blockers.	A man holds a basketball.	entailment
A man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart. A man and boy are eating food outdoors while sitting down next to a shopping cart. A father and son enjoying lunch after a morning of shopping. A man and his son carrying bags are enjoying a meal.	Children point.	contradiction
A bald man and a dark-haired man with a mustache are standing in the doorway near a chair store. Two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground. Two men are standing behind an eclectic group of different sized chairs. Two middle-aged men standing outside of a business that sells chairs.	Guys talking.	neutral
A group of women in sports uniforms are playing frisbee in a field while others spectate. Many people are playing Frisbee in a grassy field. Women playing ultimate Frisbee. Women playing ultimate frisbee.	Girls playing a game.	entailment
Elderly man with a floral shirt playing the saxophone into a microphone. A man in a blue shirt with white flowers is playing a saxophone. An older man in a blue and white shirt plays a saxophone. A man with silver hair and a beard plays the saxophone.	Musicians playing in a church.	neutral
A man in a red hat playing a guitar and singing into a microphone. A man is playing an electric guitar and grimacing strangely. A young man in a baseball cap plays an electric guitar. A musician sings a song and plays the guitar.	A man playing an instrument at a concert.	entailment
Boys and girls are kneeling and looking through sights while one is bent over and adjusting something in his or her lap. A group of photographers are setting up for a photo shoot in a gymnasium. People in unusual striped clothing kneeling aim devices to the left. Young adults using guns and spotting scopes at gymnasium.	Artists take pictures.	entailment
A man and woman pose for a picture together, with neither smiling. A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture. A couple wearing winter coats posing together. Blurry photo of man and woman.	A woman kayaking.	contradiction
An outdoor crowd listening to musicians perform on a portable stage. A crowd enjoys a show by some musicians. A crowd watches an outdoor concert. Many peoples outside the building	A group has bikes.	contradiction
Some people are standing, some walking, and one riding a bike, in a paved alleyway. People walking and biking down a city street lined with white-painted houses. People walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim. A few citizens are going about their day down a neighborhood alleyway.	A man walking.	entailment
Two people dressed in black, carry cages that look like rabbit cages, and running at a truck stop. Two women jog down the sidewalk in front of a gas station. Two people running down street holding cabinets. Two people walking with cages.	A pitbull runs.	contradiction
A brunette woman with a black shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a motorcycle, with a few people around her. Three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle. Motorcycles providing transportation for courageous women. A woman sitting on a scooter.	Women gather.	entailment
A bride and groom being photographed on a stairway in a very public area. A large group of people surrounding a bride and groom taking photos. Public wedding event with photographers. A bride and man in a tuxedo on stairs.	Riders stand.	contradiction
A man wearing suspenders and a dark blue shirt standing on top of a firetruck. A fireman is standing on top of a firetruck looking out into the distance. Man standing on a firetruck in front of brick building. A fireman standing on top of a firetruck.	A firefighter stands on top of a truck.	entailment
Five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together. Five little girls are sitting outside reading books. A group of five female children reason outdoors. Group of girls reading books outside.	A child sitting.	entailment
Two boys playing cricket, one is throwing an orange ball. Two children are playing a game of Cricket. Two children play a game together. Two children playing a ballgame.	Monks walking.	contradiction
Many people are watching a parade on the side of a street. A group of people are watching something. A group of people at a parade. People watching a parade.	A crowd standing in front of a building.	neutral
Salvation Army members in uniform, one with a musical instrument, stand outside a store in a small group. An older man in a salvation army uniform holding a tuba amongst a group of other salvation army members. Members of the Salvation Army are standing together as one holds an instrument. Men and women outside in uniforms, one man holds a tuba.	A woman splashes.	contradiction
A man is putting sand on the ground near a large statute of a lady sitting down in a red dress holding a bottle. This is a guy working around a large statue of a woman in a red dress that is sitting upon a sky painted box. A person out front of a business with a woman statue holding a bottle. A man in a gray shirt standing under a unique statue.	Men have their arms linked.	contradiction
Man in a kayak swimming in rough waters. A man is paddling in whitewater rapids. Person kayaking in white water. A man kayaks in rough water.	A man waving.	neutral
Two young boys attempting to climb over some large boulders. Two young boys climb up some large boulders. Two young boys playing on the rocks. Two kids are having fun climbing.	Men climbing.	contradiction
Two girls and two boys of school age have stopped on the beach, near the waters edge and while an adult woman looks on are looking at a clear display case one girl holds. Girl holding clear plastic container with water, while four other kids watch. Children viewing a small container. Kids looking at something outside.	Boys racing against each other.	contradiction
A crowd of people, one with a guitar, are standing in the street under the 7th Avenue street sign. People are standing and smiling in the middle of a city intersection. Two people standing with a naked guitar player in a busy street. Tourist are roaming around the city and some of them take a photo	A couple standing.	neutral
Several farmers bent over working on the fields while lady with a baby and four other children accompany them. An African American family picking vegetables from the garden, while mom holds the baby and supervises. Three women are working in a field, while four children and a lady holding a baby watch. A group of women with children are farming the fields.	Women digging.	neutral
The dark-haired children smile at the camera while one of them sticks his tongue out. A few small children are smiling, and one is sticking a tongue out to the camera. Three happy children smiling, and showing their teeth to the cameraman. Two children smile while the third sticks out their tongue.	A small blond boy stands.	neutral
A man with long gray hair while wearing a suit is tuning an instrument near some microphones on stands while having nearby musical equipment nearby and as the background. An older man with long, shaggy gray hair, in a dark gray suit, plays a musical saw in front of a microphone. A long-haired man in front of microphones holding some kind of musical instruments. An older man is playing a violin very creatively.	A man sits on stage.	neutral
A group of adults and children relax on the grass in a park. A family sits in the grass in a park in India. A family is sitting in a park on the grass. Families are gathered in a park.	A lady has fallen.	contradiction
A young man looks into the camera while a crowd of people on a busy street pass by. There are a lot of people on this busy Asian street. People standing and watching on a busy street. A crowd of people are in a street.	A group waits outside.	neutral
A man jogging on a nice park jogging path, surrounded by spring foliage and trees. A jogger is making his way down a sidewalk on a nature trail. A man jogging in a trail surrounded by trees and big bushes. Man jogging on a trail, through a large forest.	A man taking a run.	entailment
A small child wades through the water while being guided by another person. A young boy wearing a colorful bathing suit splashing in the ocean A young boy laughs while splashing in the ocean. A young child splashing in water.	Boys squatting.	contradiction
People are walking down a grassy hill with a fence behind them. A family hiking down the hill on a cloudy day. Seven teenagers walking through a pasture. People walking along the hill.	A group walking.	entailment
Two men sing into a microphone, one with his arm outstretched, the other composed, while an ecstatic crowd looks on. Two men are playing music and talking into a microphone, entertaining the crowd in front of them. Crowd loving the performance as the band steps forward to take a bow. Singing for the ages amongst an enthusiastic crowd.	Two musicians performing on stage.	entailment
A woman in a black coat hugs a small child on the sidewalk. A mother is reaching down for her child on a sidewalk. Woman in black jacket hugs her baby on the street. A woman kissing a child in the middle of the street	A woman bends over.	entailment
A woman, wearing goggles, a wetsuit and a swim cap, swimming in a large body of water. A woman swimming, in choppy waters, training for a triathlon. A woman in a swim cap and goggles is swimming outdoors. A woman attempts to swim across ocean.	Duck swimming.	contradiction
An older man gives verbal instruction about handling owls to a young boy in a clearing in a park or wooded area. A little boy learning how to handle an owl in the outdoors. Little boy holding a hawk with older man helping him. Man teaching his son on how to train an owl.	Men talking.	contradiction
Lot of pigeons roaming on the street enjoying the sun. There are a bunch of pigeons walking on the ground. A flock of pigeons parades across an empty square. Pigeons scouring for food on sidewalk	Group socializing.	contradiction
A woman with blond hair and blue boots walks among a crowd of other pedestrians on a city street, looking up at something. A woman walking in front of a crowd on the sidewalk. A blond woman walks in a crowded city. A woman looking up on a crowded street.	Girls running.	contradiction
A man wearing an unfastened helmet holds himself up on the side of a wall as people look on. A man with tattoos is hanging on the side of a bus, while a crowd watches. A man in a helmet is hanging onto the side of a transit vehicle. The man is losing his grip and looks like he is going to fall.	A man climbing.	neutral
A girl in a red and black uniform is playing the flute as part of a marching band. Girl in uniform playing flute with marching band. A flautist plays the flute in a marching band A girl in a band is playing the flute.	Women sitting on a swing.	contradiction
A person rides a moped while women sit on a bench surrounded by pigeons. A street with pigeons, a motorcyclist and a woman on a bench. A man riding a motorcycle down the sidewalk. The birds are in the street.	Two woman eating.	contradiction
A man is holding camera equipment while talking to two other men. A man talking to other men while behind a camera on a tripod. The man with the blue checked shirt is taking pictures. A cameraman is talking to people in the street.	Men have a barbecue.	contradiction
One dog standing in some grass with his tongue hanging out and a tan dog in the background Large fluffy gray dog standing in grass in front of a brown dog. Two dogs of different breeds are standing in a pasture. Two dogs stand in the grass.	Dogs running in grassy area.	contradiction
A skateboarder hanging off the edge of a bowl at a skate park. A man rides a skateboard up the side of an empty pool. A man in skateboarding in an empty swimming pool. A skateboarder in an empty pool.	A skater dropping into a blue bowl.	entailment
Two guys playing basketball both midair one blocking while the other is attempting a jump shot. Two men, both in red shirts, one in midair while they are playing basketball. Two men playing basketball- one is shooting and the other is blocking. Two guys in red shirts playing basketball	Boys play basketball on a court.	entailment
A skinny brown dog runs across the wet sand with his mouth open. The dog is running through the wet sand. A dog running on the beach A dog runs across sand.	A dog walks.	contradiction
A road is blocked and police are lined up around it. A street is barricaded by several police. A city block is sealed off by the police. Security lining a street.	Man standing in a road.	contradiction
A man on a cellphone stands outside of a building with pictures of women in black shirts behind him. A person is standing with one leg propped up with an object with a blue line in his left hand. A man in a blue denim shirt is talking on his cellphone while wearing sunglasses. The man in the blue is on the phone.	Man brushes his hair.	contradiction
A man in white khakis, a white hat, a black t-shirt, and a gray vest and a young boy in a white t-shirt and dark colored shorts appear to be fishing or looking for precious gems in muddy water. A man in a hat rests on a big rock in the middle of a muddy river as another man behind him carefully makes his way to the rocky path. Two people are in this picture, and one is in the dirty water, and the other is sitting on rocks. An older man sits on the rocks and looks on as the younger man investigates what is in the water.	Man falls while snowboarding.	contradiction
A young girl uses a touch screen computer while an older girl looks on. A young woman looks on as a girl touches a screen at a store. A kid is using a touch-screen computer in a retail store. Checking out computers at a technology store.	A child kneels down.	neutral
A man in a hoodie skateboards in front of a blue sky and building, shot from below. Man with jeans and a hooding doing skateboarding tricks. A skateboarder jumps midair near a building. A skateboarder making a jump.	Children listening.	contradiction
A woman in a blue shirt and sunglasses lies on a red blanket in a grassy field with a bike set down next to her. A woman relaxes with her bike on a red blanket in a field of green grass and trees. A lady laid her bicycle on the green lawn as she lies in a red blanket. A woman is laying on a red blanket in a park.	A girl suns herself.	entailment
Children doing art projects on a table, with a bicycle and sundry equipment in the background. Two girls in green shirts, and two in white shirts, are painting pictures. Several little girls are at a table painting. A group of little kids paintings.	A child pushes a child on a swing.	contradiction
Three women at a shopping mall, one has a dog, one is on her cellphone, one is playing with her necklace. A woman on a cellphone and a woman in a skirt walking together. People walk around and mingle in a large open space with a dog. Several women are walking down a city street.	A woman talking on a phone on a street.	entailment
A chubby, curly-haired brunette with glasses is wearing flip-flops and a blue t-shirt while holding an odd red object. A woman in blue jeans and a blue shirt seems to be shopping and taking a picture of herself holding something. A woman in a store is holding an item in her left hand while looking away from the camera. A woman with a casual outfit and flip-flops shops in an IKEA store.	Women checking.	neutral
A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone. A woman wearing a black shirt walks among a crowd in a city. Brunette woman in black walking through blurred crowd. A woman in a black shirt walking down the street	Women competing against each other.	contradiction
A large brown dog and a small gray dog on a rocky surface with weeds behind them. A small black dog is shocked when a larger brown dog gives him a sniff. A large brown dog has his nose on the back of a small black dog. The brown dog sniffs the back of a smaller black dog.	Dog paddling.	contradiction
A man in a red shirt is playing a saxophone with other street performers. Five young men are playing music in the street. A group of musicians performing in the street. Street musicians trying to make some money.	A man holding instrument on street.	entailment
An orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away. An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby. A boat goes out to see while someone watches on the beach. The boat rushed off.	Men stand by the water.	contradiction
A baseball player attempting to catch a baseball that is about to go over the field gate. A man wearing baseball attire attempting to catch the baseball. A baseball player runs to make a catch in the outfield. A young man jumping to catch a baseball.	A baseball player gets ready to catch a ball.	entailment
Four men are leaping into the air while the fifth man is standing on the ground outside of a house. Young people, both girls and boys jumping high into the air on the street they are going down. Four people wearing pants have all jumped up, as the sun goes down. Four People jumping in the air with two more almost off the ground.	A group jumps.	entailment
A trio of male musicians are performing with one playing a guitar and singing into a microphone, another holding a harmonica, and the third playing a bass guitar. A man is singing into a microphone while playing a guitar. A band sings and play their guitar. A group of musicians performing.	Performers perform on stage with performers.	entailment
The collie is running down a blue and yellow board. A dog is running down a ramp. Dog is jumping down a ramp. A collie runs down a slide.	White dog jumps catches a ball.	contradiction
Indian people work in a field on a sunny day while dressed in an array of colors. Four people in a vegetation field, background appears to be in India. Some people farming out in their field. Four people are farming in a field.	Three men standing in a forest.	contradiction
A woman with a scared look on her face preparing for roller coaster ride. Some boys and girls are sitting down in an amusement park ride. A group of young people are getting on a ride. A carnival ride with five people on it.	Girls gather.	contradiction
A band of three, two guitarist and one drummer, putting on a performance. Several people perform in a band consisting of two guitars and drums. A band performs on a small stage with neon lights glowing. A three-piece band is playing a concert.	A rock band plays some of their hits.	entailment
Eight people in blue shits and one woman on her cellphone that is wearing a black shirt and a skirt. Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse. A woman talks on the phone as a group of men talk before class. An Asian woman is talking on the phone outside of a hospital.	A group of students sitting.	neutral
A man in a black t-shirt and a man in a pink t-shirt are playing guitars on a stage. Two people play guitars on a stage next to other musical equipment. Musicians play on stage at Coney Island, NY. Two men playing guitars on stage.	A band playing instruments and singing.	entailment
Two kids stand outside of a graffitied door while two other kids perform a handstand against it. Two children stand on their on hands inside a doorway, while two friends observe them. Two young children are standing on their hands as two others stand by watching. Four small children standing in a doorway.	Kids play on a sidewalk.	entailment
A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, alongside of this lake. A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger. Two people in a boat in front of colorful trees and one of the people is paddling through the still water. A man is steering a ship with a long pole along a tree-lined river.	A woman is hanging out food.	contradiction
Two firemen in gear standing in front of a firetruck with red light. Two firefighters are standing next to a firetruck. Two firemen getting ready to get onto a firetruck. Two firemen are standing by a firetruck.	Men standing next to their truck.	entailment
A man in jean shorts and a dark shirt is sitting with a red backpack beside him in a wooded area possibly chanting. An older hiker sitting down on his backpack for a break. A man takes a break from his hiking trip. An older man sitting in the sunshine.	A man sitting on a green bench.	neutral
The black and white race car is rounding the turn. A black and white rally car takes the turn. The race car is speeding up the hill. A global group race car.	Fans watch.	neutral
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail. A group of men and women are walking on a dirt trail, with a cluster of trees in the background. A hiking tour for seniors on a clear day. Hiking group of people in the mountains.	Hikers hiking along a trail.	entailment
A just married Asian couple are wearing wedding attire and leaning against a lamp post on a boardwalk. An Asian man in a tuxedo is hugging a woman in a white dress while holding flowers, on wooden planks. A recently married couple pose outside in their wedding clothes. A newlywed couple standing on a pier.	A woman holds a child.	contradiction
This girl got left back 4 times because she only knows how to use that toy. A woman in a blue dress plays with a blue yo-yo as others play behind her. A woman playing with a toy and spending time with kids. A girl in a blue dress plays with a Chinese yo-yo.	A boy and a child playing in a pool.	contradiction
On a sunny day this tattooed man removed is clothing at a detail shop. A shirtless man outside of a car detailing store. A man with tattoos has his shirt off. A tattooed man putting on his shirt.	A man stands.	entailment
A man with gray hair combed back, a blue plaid shirt and jeans, is smoking a cigarette. A man in a plaid shirt is smoking a cigarette on a city street. A man with gray hair and a plaid shirt is smoking a cigarette. A man on a cellphone stands in front of a restaurant.	A man walking.	contradiction
A young boy with blond hair smiling while posing on a tree branch. A child in a jean jacket smiles while playing in a tree. Blond, smiling boy in a denim coat, sitting in a tree. A boy in blue in trees.	Little boy climbing a plant.	entailment
A man, a man in a hat, and a woman in a hat look at papers as a cross-dressing Asian man looks at them. Person with no hair and makeup sits next to others in front of portable toilets. Three people sit next to another person wearing a red bra over a teal t-shirt. People taking notes as a drag queen looks on.	A man stands.	neutral
Hiker is jumping up high in a beautiful remote place depicting an area that looks like the great canyons with snow covered mountains in the distance. A man or woman jumping for joy after accomplishing their hike to the top of the canyon. A man in red, jumping in the air with a desert and mountains in the background. A man flies through the air over a large canyon.	Horses jump.	contradiction
A boy wearing brown swings in a playground against a blue sky. A young sandy blond boy is at a park swinging on the swings. Two children at the height of a swing. A boy swings high under blue sky.	A boy does a stunt.	contradiction
A shirtless man works with some white substance on a tray as he sits on a stool on a tiled floor. An old man sits on a low chair with a yellow tray on his lap. A man with green pants sitting with a tray on his lap. An old man sits with a tray in his lap.	A man drinks a cup of water.	contradiction
Seven females at a wedding Six of them are looking at the bride. A group of seven women are standing in a body of water. A bride and her lady friends gathering together. A bridal party is posing for a picture outdoors.	Women having fun.	entailment
A man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at an Apple laptop computer. A man is tying his tie in front of his Apple branded laptop in a brightly lit room. A man recording himself on his laptop while tying a tie around his collar. A man gets dressed in his home as he looks at his laptop.	A man standing in front of a building.	contradiction
Two little children, one boy and one girl, laugh as they sit on the grass. A little boy and a girl sitting down in the grass having fun. A young boy and a young girl sitting in the grass laughing. Two kids are laughing in the grass.	Kid swimming.	contradiction
The boy in the black and yellow mask is talking with the man in the blue shirt. A boy dress in a yellow and black mask is looking at a man in a blue t-shirt. An older man and a young child in a costume interact with one another. A boy in a costume sits across from a man smiling.	A man making faces.	neutral
Baseball player making an attempt to hit the ball while the catcher is ready to catch the ball the ref is looking to make a call on the ball. A baseball player in a blue jersey is hitting the ball while a catcher and umpire watch the hit. A baseball player with a red helmet is hitting a baseball. A baseball player hitting a baseball.	A baseball player standing on the mound.	contradiction
A male surgeon wearing a red cap and teal scrubs performing surgery with two other men wearing teal scrubs. A surgeon and surgical staff operating on a patient. A surgeon and two assistants perform an operation. Surgical team performing surgery.	A doctor and nurses performing an operation.	entailment
Two children, a boy in a blue shorts suit and a girl in a blue jumper, have a conversation in the hallway of a church. A boy in blue shows a girl in denim the water fountain in a hallway. Little girl and boy inside of a church. Two children playing in a church.	Children standing.	entailment
Woman in black and white shirt dancing with man in all black in a studio. Two very flexible ballet dancers who are practicing in a studio. Two people holding on to each other in front of a mirror. A man being dipped by a woman in a mirrored dance studio.	Two performers doing a routine.	entailment
The lead singer visited with his band members and had the guitarist sing along with the song. Three men in a rock band performing on stage, in high-fashion clothing and long hair. Three male band members covered in tattoos perform on stage. Rock musicians are performing at a live concert.	A crowd cheering.	neutral
A woman in a cowboy hat walks followed by a man in a blue baseball cap, a boy in a blue t-short and a woman in a green top. Three people walk past a tourist attraction behind a wrought iron fence. A group of people walk down the street in the sun. A group of people walk along a sidewalk.	A woman carrying a baby girl.	contradiction
An Asian woman in a dark t-shirt and an Asian man in a white t-shirt look over fruits and vegetables at an outdoor market. Asian couple with two children are looking at fruits and vegetables at a stand. A woman looking at food trying to decide what she wants to buy. A man and a woman are looking at produce on display.	A family stands.	entailment
A man in blue shorts and work boots squats on a roof. A young man in shorts and work boots is crouching. A man wearing shorts and no shirt is squatting. A man with no shirt above a dumpster.	Men in uniform.	contradiction
A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team. A basketball player attempting to control the ball near the basket rim. Two men jump up for the ball near the hoop in a basketball game. A basketball player is scoring a basket.	Two teams playing basketball on a court in a stadium.	neutral
A lady in a long black dress is standing in a room with tables and chairs holding her arms behind her back. A woman in a long, black dress carries a tray on top of her head. A woman in a black dress is standing in the distance waiting. In a cafe a woman stands in a dress.	A man getting ready to sit.	contradiction
The blond girl with the blue stripe shirt is swinging. Girl swinging on a swing outside in a wooded area. The young girl is on a swing outdoors. A girl swings on a nice day.	A child vacuuming.	contradiction
A woman sitting outside a small restaurant suddenly throws up her hands in excitement. A woman in a green shirt holding a cigarette spreads her arms apart in a gesture. A woman wearing a yellow shirt has her arms spread open as if telling a story. A woman sitting in a chair on the sidewalk stretching her arms out.	A woman explaining.	entailment
An egret stretches his neck to eat things out of the still water. The white crane is searching for food in a pond. A bird with a long orange bill drinks water. A white crane looks for food in the water.	Individuals standing.	contradiction
A shirtless woman with paint on her face and mud on her body. A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud. A young woman, topless except for paint or mud. A naked woman with her body painted.	A lady walks in front of a crowd.	contradiction
A young girl wears a shirt and shorts as she plays in the ocean 's surf. A small girl spins in the waves in the bright sun. Girl running through the water near the shore. A young girl plays in shallow water.	Boys goofing.	contradiction
Two people are walking around the grounds of a castle. Two people walking outside a castle. A stone wall with lush green grass. People walk beside a stone wall.	Man walking.	neutral
Two young girls are trekking through deep snow, one is wearing a white coat and the other a purple and gray coat. Two people are trudging through the snow under a blue, but slightly cloudy sky. Two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day. Two girls walk through fresh snow.	Girls running.	contradiction
A surfer catches a big wave and catches himself in the middle of a fall. A man in a dark wetsuit is caught by a wave. A man is jumping into the surf. Man in action over a wave	A surfer riding a huge wave.	entailment
Children play with a remote-control boat in a pond with a boat house. Five young boys observe remote control boat in water. Five boys standing and one boy sitting by the lake. Children stand on shore watching a r.c. boat.	A child leaning over.	entailment
A young boy is swimming in an underground pool right next to the 3.5 ft. sign. A swimmer in the pool at a depth of 3.5 feet. A young boy is swimming in a pool. Someone in a 3ft swimming pool.	A man swimming.	entailment
Three on three table tennis between young and older. A group of six children are about to play ping-pong. Children are playing 3 on 3 ping-pong in a gym. Eight children are playing badminton in a gym.	Boys bowling.	contradiction
A crowd of scouts where there are flags of many nations being held. A group of people gather and holding different types of flags. A group of people are gathered at some type of outdoor event. A reunion of boy scouts from all over the world.	Individuals gathering.	entailment
Several men wearing several different colors are attending a bike rally. The beginning of a cycling race passes by the crowd. Herds of bikers race by the spectators. There 's cyclist in street.	Man riding a bike down a hill.	neutral
A woman with a microphone and a man with a laptop stand behind a table. They prepared to make the announcement. A man and a woman holding microphones. A woman about to give a speech.	A man using an Apple computer.	neutral
A soccer game between a team with blue uniforms and red uniforms where the ref or a coach is talking to a player. A referee in an international soccer match discussing a recent foul with players from each team. During a soccer game two players in blue talk with a player in red Soccer players speaking with referee during a game.	A team wins.	contradiction
Two women and a man in a studio looking at a large portrait of Cher. Pop art of Cher made to look like Che Guevera. Adults look at an artistic image in a museum. People looking at a painting of Cher.	Women standing.	entailment
Puzzled Asian man wearing kimono and scratching head, standing and holding bag in paved outdoor shopping area. An Asian man is standing on the sidewalk holding a bag and touching his head. A man with a shopping bag on a public street scratching his head. An Asian man is scratching his head in a marketplace.	A man has a tool.	contradiction
People gather at a vintage ice cream truck to receive traditional ice cream. Women in children wait in line for an ice cream truck outside of a building. People lined up and purchasing ice cream from the mobile ice cream truck. People buying ice cream from an antique truck.	A group of women standing.	entailment
The biker in the multicolored clothing is riding fast. A man is biking in an event towards the finish line. A bicyclist is pushing hard to complete a race. A person on a road bike pedals uphill quickly.	Some boys watch.	contradiction
Some people have the most unusual centerpieces at their parties. A local house party with alcoholic drinks involved. A cat figure stands in front of a crowd of people A group of individuals chatting at a bar.	A couple enjoys some beverages.	neutral
A person is soaring through the air with the help of a parachute. A skydiver in a yellow parachute prepares for landing. A person is hang gliding with a blue flag behind him. A man parasails over a green field.	Someone parachuting.	entailment
A group of people in an urban setting are all looking in the same direction. Smiling African-American man near a jewelry stall. A woman wearing a black shirt is laughing. A black man with black hair laughing.	Vendors selling wares.	entailment
A youth baseball player rounds third as the outfielders retrieve the ball at the fence. A baseball player in a blue jersey with red socks and a helmet is stepping onto a base. A kid is playing baseball, while behind him is another boy with a black shirt. A boy in a ball uniform is hitting third base.	A boy runs.	entailment
Two young children sit apart from a larger group of children in a dirty street outside a building. The school children wore uniforms of white shirts and navy pants or skirts and yellow name tags. A school in a foreign country, with the British flag. Kids outside a third world school.	A group standing.	neutral
Girl with black helmet riding brown dappled horse The little girl is riding in a brown horse. A girl in a helmet rides a horse. A girl rides a horse.	Boys gathering.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt with hot pads on is holding a tray with a variety of breads with a wooden fence behind him. A young guy, probably in his early twenties, shows off his culinary skills with pride. A blond man shows off his freshly baked bread with a wide smile. A man shows what he has baked.	Two children hold up another child.	contradiction
Two men with curling brushes are on an ice rink next to a curling rock, with a man in a red jacket nearby, and three other people in the background. Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock, a small crowd watches. A few men are playing some sort of game on what appears to be a hockey court. Two sweepers work frantically as their curling teammates look on.	Men learning.	contradiction
Two men with backpacks placed in front of them sitting in front of a railing. Two men are sitting on the ground and going through their backpacks. Two men with backpacks are sitting on cardboard along a railing. Two older men with backpacks sit at a bus station.	Two men leaning on a wall.	neutral
A man wearing a blue jacket is looking at a glass bottle while the person next to him enjoys his food. Two men at a backyard barbecue, eating and drinking beer. Two men wearing blue are eating and drinking outside. One man drinking a beer while another man eats.	Man holding a beverage.	entailment
The young girl standing on the grass is wearing a pink dress. A young girl dressed up in a princess costume outside. A girl in a frilly pink dress, dancing on grass. A young girl dressed in a princess costume dress	A woman walking.	contradiction
A man stands at a microphone, reading from a sheet of paper at an outdoor event. An older man with a yellow blouse is reading something while he stands on stage. A man stands giving a speech on a stage. A man on a stage giving a speech.	A man addresses an audience.	entailment
A female in a yellow swim cap is swimming in a pool. A swimmer performs the butterfly in a swimming pool. A swimmer is racing to win an event. A young female swimming in a pool.	A swimmer takes a breath.	entailment
A man in a blue shirt singing while a girl in a black dress plays guitar in the background. A man singing on stage with a female musician accompanying. A man singing with a microphone with a girl playing a guitar A man singing while a woman plays guitar.	Man mopping.	contradiction
A guy in a black top hat sitting against a brick wall of a building called Bankside, playing a guitar with a drum set set up in front of him. A musician, set up as a one-man-band, wears a top hat while performing against a brick wall, the word " Bankside " above his head. One band playing the guitar and mini drums on the sidewalk in front of a business. A musician performs on the side of the road.	Two guys playing baseball.	contradiction
Several girls and one woman are working on a project in front of a table covered with many objects. Several ladies gathered around a table engaged in an electronics project Four females are doing some crafts activity. There are five people working at a table.	A lady learning.	entailment
A young woman in a hat poses with a rooster. A boy wearing a hat is holding a rooster. A young girl is holding a chicken. A girl in a hat holds a rooster.	A person holding an animal.	entailment
Young ethnic children smile and pose for the camera and hold up peace signs. A group of children taking a group shot with a clear blue sky behind them. Boys and girls from an Eastern nation smiling in a field. Group of young children posing for a picture in a field.	Some boys jump.	neutral
A boy in a yellow soccer uniform is standing on the soccer field. A distracted little boy waiting for his soccer game to begin. A young boy dressed in sporting gear is standing on a field. A boy posing on the soccer field.	A child stands in front of a group.	neutral
A woman wearing red and a man wearing blue pose for a picture in a grassy meadow with trees behind them. An Asian couple wearing blue and red formal clothing are standing together in a forest setting. A woman in a red dress and a man in a blue dress pose together for a picture. An ethnic couple poses for a photograph during their marriage ceremony.	Partners posing.	entailment
Couple kissing in front of a black car and a restaurant in the background. A European couple standing in the street kissing. An older couple kisses outside a restaurant. A man and woman kiss in the street.	A man holding a woman.	neutral
A large bull targets a man, inches away, in a rodeo with his horns, while a rodeo clown runs to help. A man is running towards another man who is being attacked by a bucking bull. A man being hit by a bull during an event, as another man runs to help. The bulls wins, but not before it is stopped in its tracks.	A man discussing.	contradiction
An Asian man in a black shirt and jeans rides his black and red bicycle down a railing. This man has balanced his bicycle on a handrail. A teenager performs a railgrind on his bicycle. Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike.	A boy leaps.	contradiction
A girl with long, dark hair wearing black pants and a white shirt is jumping into the air inside a building with a brick wall. Girl in tan shirt and black pants jumping in the air. Young girl with long dark hair jumps in the air. A young woman jumping up off the floor.	A woman posing.	entailment
Adults and children gathered outdoors under a slatted roof socializing A group of people are gathered under a slatted awning. A group of people are gathered on a wooden deck. A group of people gather on a wooden porch.	A group on a porch with the sun shining down.	entailment
A sandy colored dog walking toward the camera with its leash attached and dragging below. A dog walking around with his leash but not with his owner. A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day. A dog walks across the sand.	A man poses.	contradiction
A man on a ladder reaches above to equipment on the side of a brick building. A man in a blue shirt stands on a tall ladder and inspects wires. A man on a ladder doing work on a business storefront. Person standing at the top of an orange ladder.	Men applauding.	contradiction
A dog in a sandy area with the sand stirred up into the air and several plants in the background. A brown dog brings up some dust as he runs around a field. A dog and sand blowing in the wind A dog and a dust storm.	Dog kicking up dirt.	entailment
Two young sisters pose while sitting on a big red quad. Sisters on a red four wheeler wanting to go for a ride. Two kids with blond hair sit atop a four-wheeler. Two young girls sitting on an all terrain vehicle.	Children are outside.	entailment
A small white boy wearing batman pajamas is playing with tinker toys and is surrounded by lots of other toys which includes Star Wars and a small stuffed pony with a saddle. A young boy in batman pajamas is playing with toys on a hardwood floor. A young boy constructs a wooden triangle in the middle of his playroom. A small child in batman pajamas playing with tinker toys.	A child building something.	entailment
A woman stands in front of a board as her team gives a presentation to a class. A woman is giving a speech to a group of people and is using a diagram. Group of women doing a presentation off an easel. Some women are giving a presentation.	Women watch.	neutral
A man wearing full protective gear is riding a white bull in front of an audience. Spectators are watching a bull rider as the bull is bucking. A group of spectators watch a man ride a bull. A man is on a bucking bull at the Rodeo.	An animal riding a pony.	contradiction
Two men, 1 in yellow shirt, preparing to play in a high school band. A guitar-playing man kneels to adjust his equipment. The Bellingham High School band performing. A band playing their instruments.	A group is gathered.	entailment
A boy in a blue uniform kicks a ball while his team cheers him on. A young boy in blue, kicking a ball while other boys watch. Kid in blue kicking penalty kick towards kid in dark blue. Small boys in sports jerseys play with a yellow ball.	A group of little boys playing soccer.	entailment
Woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and Taylor A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley. An Asian woman is waving and leaning out of a trolley. A lady in hanging off a red trolley, waving.	A little girl sitting on a street.	contradiction
A brunette woman in a brown sweater is looking at the camera through heavily lidded eyes while a man in a black cap and glasses behind her rests his forehead in his hand and looks down at a table in front of wrestling posters. A young woman with brown hair wearing a tan sweater sitting with a man with a black hat on. A man and woman are waiting for their food at a restaurant. A pretty Pakistani lady that seems sleepy.	A teacher sitting.	contradiction
A big group of cowboys are trying to restrain five horses at a rodeo while the crowd in the background watches. Cowboys struggle to wrangle horses in an arena as spectators watch from the stands. A bunch of horses at a rodeo, trying to be tamed by their owners. Cowboys at a rodeo are wrangling the wild horses.	A group of guys walking.	neutral
A brunette woman with glasses and a heavy-lidded gaze looks at the camera with smoke in the foreground. A cloud of smoke floats in front of a young woman wearing glasses and multiple necklaces. There is smoke in front of a girl with glasses and lots of necklaces. A young woman wearing glasses blowing smoke.	A girl sits.	contradiction
Four people are sitting at a table, with microphones and bottles of water in front of them. Four judges are sitting at a table with the center left one speaking. A team of four judges rates a competition. Man in red shirt speaks into microphone	A gentleman speaking.	entailment
Two girls are wearing pink, one has design print on her pajamas, and the other one is just plain pink while, holding each a bed and table from a dollhouse. The two little sisters in their pink pajamas are playing with their dollhouse and getting along so well. Why are n't these girls in the kitchen instead of playing with toys? Two young girls wearing pink pajamas playing with doll furniture.	Two children playing on a street.	contradiction
The little boy sits on the man 's lap driving the blue tractor on the winding road down the hill. A man and child drive down the road in a forest in a blue tractor. A person and a child riding a lawn mower down the road. A man and a little boy are driving a tractor.	A parent walking.	contradiction
Two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another. Two adult women in tutus and sunglasses are having a conversation. Two women in leggings and tutus are talking on the sidewalk. Two women in tutus and leg warmers stop for a chat.	Someone stands.	entailment
Two boys holding a green rope and competing against each other on a balancing rod, while others look on. Two young boys playing a game on a log while other kids look on. Two kids are balancing on a log and holding a rope. Two boys on a balance beam holding a rope	A woman stands in front of children.	contradiction
A young man with blond hair and purple shirt carrying a black bag across his chest in front of a red and yellow painted bus. A person in a purple shirt rubs their eyes under their glasses as the stand in front of a red and yellow bus. This young Child, in the Blue Shirt, is working up his Muscles, or he has a bad tooth ache A man in a purple shirt and blue jeans playing the harmonica by a red bus.	A man resting his head on his hand.	neutral
Four adults near the edge of a body of water; the landscape is hilly and rocky, with mountains in the background. Three people relax on a lake 's edge that sits below snowcapped mountain peaks. Three people in a valley pool, with large snowy mountains in the background. A guy with his legs up in the air at a lake with a very scenic landscape.	Men stand.	neutral
With majestic pride the horse soars over the miniature barn as the rider holds on. A person on a large gray horse jumping over a miniature house with a red roof. A white horse jumping over a hurdle that looks like a small barn. A woman and a horse are jumping over a miniature building.	A rider riding an animal on a track.	neutral
Two smiling young women in brown converse. Two young women are outside wearing bags. Two girls talk and laugh together. Two ladies laugh and smile.	Women standing next to each other.	entailment
A man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow. Person in a white shirt wearing a hat digging in the snow. A main shorts digs in the snow on a sunny afternoon. A man in shorts is shoveling snow.	A woman using a shovel.	contradiction
Two men are trying to rope in a bull who is crashing down on one of them, in a contest at a corral. A man is running towards another man who is being attacked by a bucking bull. A man being hit by a bull during an event, as another man runs to help. The bulls wins, but not before it is stopped in its tracks.	Racers run.	contradiction
Two firefighters, fully dressed for action, walking on a busy street. A group of firemen in full gear are walking down the street. Firemen standing on the sidewalk as two bystanders look on. A group of firefighters are walking down a street.	A man is airborne.	contradiction
Three women are inside a bar are all holding drinks in their hands. Three girls or friends having drinks at a bar laughing. Three blond women are socializing at the bar. A blond woman holds her drink up in a bar.	Ladies sitting.	entailment
Pedestrians walking on a crowded street in an Asian city, seen from the back. People walk down a busy city street on a sunny day. A crowd of people walking along a busy street. People walk down a busy street.	A woman walks on a street with her friend.	neutral
Many people wearing white with fire on it next to a fire statute. A group of people dressed in costumes standing by a fire pit. A group of people are taking part in a ceremony. A tribe of people are posing for a picture.	Men posing for the camera.	entailment
People are sitting behind a chain link fence watching a youth baseball game. Two onlookers watch a young man as he gets ready to make a hit. The back of two spectators watching a baseball game at night. People watching a baseball game through the fence.	Kids playing baseball.	entailment
The girls are both eating and the girl wearing the color red has cake icing on her upper lip. Two girls are eating cake and one has blue icing on her face. Two little girls are eating and making a mess. Two girls play with their food for the camera.	Two children having fun.	entailment
One man on the left with black hair, wearing glasses, and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair, without glasses but clasping his hands together, are laughing. A man wearing a yellow striped shirt laughs while seated next to another man who is wearing a light blue shirt and clasping his hands together. A man is laughing with another man. Two men are smiling at each other.	Men smoking.	neutral
A man in a nice apartment, sitting while putting his right shoe on next to his standing friend. A male in a white t-shirt and jeans sits down to put on his black shoes. A young man sits on a chair with one shoe off. A skinny man is about to put on his shoe.	A teen boy sitting.	neutral
The boy is holding on to a rubber chicken with eight balls on its feet Small child holding onto hanging rubber chickens. A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air A little boy playing with two rubber chickens.	Child jogging.	contradiction
A woman sitting by pink flowers hanging up laundry on a line. A woman with dark hair is hanging up clothes to dry. A woman in pajamas hangs laundry on a clothesline. Young women hanging laundry on a clothesline.	A woman gardening.	contradiction
The skin of this woman shows her hard working life as she stands waiting for a walk sign. A woman facing away from the camera stands on a city street. Woman with unusual hair design beside the street. The back of a woman 's head.	A woman stands next to a car.	neutral
Two men are looking at a piece of machinery outdoors. Two men working on a small engine on a dirt road. An old man and a youth work on starting a tiller. A man and a boy are working on equipment.	A man working on lawn equipment.	entailment
A young man, barefoot alongside the beach, prunes a tree. A man in a blue shirt and white cap cutting branches. A man poking a tree with a stick to get fruit. A man in a blue shirt holding a wooden stick	A man with a shirt wrapped around his waist.	contradiction
A man with a blue hat and blue uniform who is working on some equipment. Three people working together on the locomotive. A man working with machinery with other men. Three men conducting a train in Asia.	Two men watch.	contradiction
A vendor cooking food there are two red gas cans with food lined up ready to sell. A smiling man in a dark puffy vest shows off a kebab. A man preparing food at a food stand. A man is cooking some food outside.	A warmly dressed man stands.	entailment
A group of young adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime. A group of men and one girl are standing in the street. A group of friends are waiting in line. A group of people stand on the street.	A woman carrying a baby girl.	contradiction
An adult hods a baby wearing a bib, the baby has food around its mouth. There is a baby with orange-stained lips staring at the camera. A little boy with baby food on his face. A baby with food all over its mouth.	A baby sitting.	neutral
A wave crashing through a group of people wearing wetsuits and goggles. A man is running through the water alongside others doing the same. The swimmers are getting ready to race wearing black swimmers. A gray-haired in a wetsuit poised in the water.	A crowd jumping.	contradiction
Three young women face each other while sitting on red plush chairs. Three people on comfortable seating in a waiting room. A plat is sitting on the floor next to a blond girl. Three college-age women sit in upholstered chairs.	Three girls talking.	neutral
Two people in canoes ride through the water. Two guys are rowing a canoe on a lake. Two men on canoes on a lake. Two men rowing in canoes.	Men sitting.	entailment
A guy sitting at a desk talking on a phone with books laying everywhere. Man talking on a phone, surrounded by books in an office. A man sits at a desk in room cluttered with books. A man on the phone surrounded by stacks of books.	A man using a telephone.	entailment
A brown dog pursues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches. A woman watches a brown dog run away from a house across the grass. A woman throws a Frisbee for her two brown dogs to chase. Brown dogs and a woman in a yard	Brown dogs play with a ball.	contradiction
Two men are competing in a martial arts tournament and one of them is receiving what appears to be a powerful roundhouse kick from the other. A young man blocks a kick during a sparring match, while judges stand by. Man kicking another man in the face in a karate competition. There are two young guys in a martial arts tournament.	A man helps another man do a flip.	contradiction
A man jumps his bicycle high above a cement incline. A male doing a trick in the air on his bike. A man on a BMX bike in midair A boy on a bicycle in midair	Kids watch.	contradiction
A large group of young women outside, all wearing the same blue tracksuit, waving and smiling at the camera. Twenty four excited teenage girls, posing for a photo at a high school football stadium. A group of girls in uniform are having their picture taken near a football field. Students in uniform pose for a picture during a football game.	Three girls standing.	entailment
A girl wearing a green tank top is wearing white sunglasses. A lady in a green shirt is surrounded by antique jars. Girl with sunglasses and shoppers in a trinket shop. A woman in sunglasses in an antique shop.	A crowd watches a man.	contradiction
A table of women sit under a line of flags that is strung across the room. A group of people are sitting at a table with flags hanging above them. People sitting in chairs with a row flags hanging over them. A group of women sit underneath a banner of flags.	A group moves.	contradiction
A long-haired, blond, man enjoys a soda while sitting on the grass with a group of people. A man with long blond hair and sunglasses is sitting in the grass holding a beverage. Middle-aged man with long blond hair and wearing glasses sits with a crowd. A man with long hair is sitting on the grass.	A man kneeling.	contradiction
A little boy in pajamas snuggles on a couch with a Santa hat. Child on couch, holding red cloth with white fur. A smiling child with Christmas colored clothing. The child with a green shirt is on a bed smiling	A child doing a jump.	contradiction
A basketball player wearing white is throwing a basketball past members of the opposing team, who are wearing blue, while he jumps a short distance in the air. Lebron James passes a basketball while wearing a USA Jersey while 4 opponents stand nearby. Lebron James in the Olympics against Spain passing the ball under the basket. A Team USA player passing the ball to another player.	Men playing a game.	entailment
A bald man in a black wetsuit flips leaps in the air on a surfboard, holds on to a waterskiing handle Male performing water sports acrobatics while being pulled by a boat. A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background. A man doing a trick on a wakeboard	A wakeboarder soars through the air.	entailment
A man in a black leather coat with a 1950s hairstyle is playing a guitar and singing on stage. A man in a leather jacket is playing a guitar and singing to a crowd. The rock star is playing his guitar while he is singing. A musician on stage singing and playing guitar.	A performer sings.	entailment
A group of 14 men are standing up stairs with a pair of men on each stair with identical shirts on except for one. 14 men standing on a stairway outside almost all wearing the same shirt. A group of men are having their pictures taken on steps. A group of fourteen men posing for a picture together.	A group gathers.	entailment
A man wearing white pants, with sunglasses on his head, is playing a saxophone. A man in white pants and a black shirt is playing a saxophone. A man playing on his saxophone with white jeans on. Two men playing a saxophone.	Guy playing an instrument on stage.	entailment
A crowd of young people lounge and amble over a large green field against a background of sky and trees. A view of large field ringed by trees, with a large group of people milling about on the field. A large crowd of people gathered in a field of grass lined with trees on a sunny day. The people are very crowded in the plaza.	Group standing and sitting.	entailment
A woman walking past a store with Sublime in the window. A woman walks past a shop called " Sublime. " A woman walks by a shop called Sublime. A woman walks past a hair salon.	A woman with a black bag walking.	neutral
A man in stripes, a woman in sunglasses, and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building. Three adults and one child are waiting outside of a building, perhaps a school. A woman wearing sunglasses and a flowered shirt looks to the left. A group of people in front of a house.	A man stands next to another man.	neutral
An older woman in a dark blue suit is standing next to a bookcase with a plethora of file folders making some kind of hand gesture. An older woman in business dress talks in front of shelves full of folders. A woman in a blue suit is addressing others in a file room. A woman describes what the stack of files is for.	A middle-aged woman speaks.	entailment
A person holding a baby points out the window at the camera. A woman and baby are sitting in the window seat of a bus. A woman holding a young baby inside the window of a train A mother is holding her child on a train.	Several men having food.	contradiction
Three homemade rafts floating on calm water with five passengers total. Five young men on three rafts float in a body of water. Four people are on pieces of wood in the water. Three men in the water on bamboo rafts.	A group paddling rafts.	entailment
A soccer goalie in red and green attempts to move the ball out of range of a player in red as the goalie has possession of it in his hands. A male goalie wearing green and red holds a soccer ball, beside him are two other soccer players wearing red jerseys. During a men 's soccer game, one player is running while carrying the ball. The goalie is fleeing the defender to try to get the ball to a teammate.	A man watching.	contradiction
A band of older men on stage smiling and clapping their hands. Blond man in printed shirt about to perform. A singer is entertaining the crowd. A man smiling at the crowd.	A man holding a violin.	neutral
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball. A boy baseball player in a green and yellow jersey leaps for the ball. A young boy dives to catch the ball during a baseball game. A boy chasing a baseball.	A child playing as her mom watches.	contradiction
A construction worker on a truck is doing roadwork while another man follows behind the truck. A worker sweeps the road as a machine drives in front of him. A construction worker helps to pave the road with tar. A construction worker sweeping	Men work on a street.	entailment
A man in glasses and his redheaded son in pajamas are playing with a train set. A young boy wearing pajamas and older male are playing with a toy train set. Man and a child in gray pajamas playing with a model car track. Older gentleman and a young boy playing with a train set.	A man looking and sitting.	entailment
There are three boys on stage with podiums in front of them, they are preparing for a speech. Boy scouts wearing uniforms are on stage with tents and camping gear behind them. Three Boy Scouts are presenting on stage. Three people standing on a stage.	Children give presentations.	entailment
A man with flowers looking out his second story window. A man with no shirt on looking out of a window. Man looks out of second story window. A man is looking out of a window.	Elephants standing.	contradiction
A young boy in jeans and a red jacket faces into the wilderness ahead. A small boy in a red jacket stands in the middle of the woods. A little boy who is walking in the wilderness by himself. Little boy in red oversized coat in a forest clearing	Children watch two boys.	contradiction
A woman wearing a red-and-white striped shirt poses for a photo with a teenage boy in front of construction scaffolding. A young man and older woman pose for a photo at what appears to be a staged event. The two main people in this picture are being photographed by a cellular device. A happy woman and a young adult getting their picture taken.	A smiling woman leans on a man.	entailment
Two men playing the guitar while a third looks on and points A group of men are on a stage and playing guitars. Three musicians are performing together. A legendary rock concert.	A man standing at the top of the steps.	contradiction
Shadowy people walk in front of the glass panels of an escalator. People walking past an escalator under a beam and glass ceiling. A number of people cross in front of the top of an escalator. Some people in shadow walk by an escalator.	Two women walking.	entailment
A blond-haired lady with a gray tank top and jeans is holding her phone while she puts her other hand through her hair while a dark-haired lady walks next to her. A young girl wearing gray while playing with her phone. A blond girl and brunette girl walking. A blond girl is holding her cellphone.	Two women walking together.	entailment
A male athlete wearing a white shirt and white pants is running past the crowd while holding a golden torch. Guy in a white clothing, running down a busy street and carrying a gold torch. A man is cheered on as he carries the torch down a street. A boy carries the Olympic torch through a crowd.	A few men resting.	contradiction
Three adults wearing cold weather gear. Two people are wearing heavy clothing. A woman and man in winter gear stand. Two people in winter clothing.	Women bundled up.	neutral
A woman in a child 's classroom is helping a child build a sculpture, while other children play by themselves. A middle-aged woman wearing a white shirt talking as she shows a small child in yellow how the toys work. A teacher in white and a little girl wearing a yellow dress playing with building blocks. A woman is helping a child build using toys.	A woman looks at the camera.	contradiction
A gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old flugelhorn into a microphone. The man in the white shirt, blows his horn into the microphone. Man in white shirt blowing trumpet. A musician playing his instrument.	Ballet dancers performing on a stage.	contradiction
Two girls, one Asian and one white, are in white lab coats working on something from a yellow box. Two women in white lab coats are analyzing a box of cereal at a lab table. Two women in a lab prepare for a test. Two women in white lab coats.	Women stand by a sink.	contradiction
Two soccer players in blue facing away from each other, as one walks away and the other crouches facing the goal. Two men in blue soccer uniforms look like they are at rest. Two men with blue soccer uniforms practice soccer. Two guys play soccer and look exhausted	Guys standing.	contradiction
A man is getting his face shaved by another man, in what seems to be an office. Man shaving another man 's face with a straight blade razor. A man gets a shave from a bald barber in a blue tie. A barber must maintain a steady and accurate hand.	A man dines.	contradiction
This man in 2 gray shirts holding a red cup is sitting on the sofa and watching the other people move about the room. Bunch of guys have a great party time, some are busy in chatting with their buddies. A man reflects during a moment at a social gathering. A group of people are in a room together.	A man is about to fall.	contradiction
A young bull is grabbed by the horns by a man wearing a white cowboy hat in a rodeo ring while other men in white hats watch. A cowboy is wrestling a cow to the ground in a rodeo. A cowboy is bull-dogging a steer in a rodeo arena. These men are participating in a rodeo.	Spectators watch.	entailment
Two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond hair talking and walking down a sidewalk. Two women walking down a city sidewalk, one is wearing black shirt with red pants other wearing blue sweatshirt with jeans. Two women walk down the sidewalk in front of parked cars. A brown-haired woman walking with a blond-haired woman.	Girls walking down a street.	entailment
Two members of opposite teams stand side by side in front of a soccer ball. Two men in uniforms are in soccer field behind a line waiting to play. Soccer player in maroon jersey standing next to ref in black A soccer player gets ready for a corner kick.	Two women hold a flag.	contradiction
The small dog is playing with a large ball on the grass. A small dog jumping up to meet a yellow soccer ball. White dog in midair next to a large yellow ball. A white dog jumping after a flying yellow ball.	A red dog catches a tennis ball.	contradiction
A man surfing on a surfboard in the sea with waves behind him. A man steadies himself on his surfboard on a building wave. A surfer rides a medium-sized wave. A guy surfing in the ocean.	A man standing at a stall.	contradiction
A young boy wearing a red shirt stands in the street with his arms open wide. A little blond boy and a young woman in jeans walk through a plaza. A woman walks and a little boy walks to the side of her. The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.	A toddler walks.	entailment
A bird has its wings spread very wide and is standing on rocks. A bird takes off, surrounded by large rocks A large duck in flight over a rocky stream. A seabird is flying over rocks.	A dog flies.	contradiction
A brown dog with big ears walks across the carpet after a brown toy. Brown and white dog trotting with brown object falling nearby. A hound dog runs around in a house chasing a toy. A Bassett hound runs for a falling biscuit.	A dog catches something.	neutral
Two men, both wearing khaki shirts, striped ties, navy bottoms, and hats, are on a grassy countryside, one carrying a guitar and the other carrying a briefcase. A green pastoral setting has two men standing with luggage in their hands and wearing scout uniforms. Two men carrying luggage are standing in the middle of field of green grass. Two men stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background.	A breakdancer standing.	contradiction
A girl with yellow sunglasses is laying on the ground with a girl wearing brown sunglasses. Two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass. Two girls laying in the grass smile as their picture is taken. Two young women in sunglasses lying on the grass.	A woman does dishes.	contradiction
Two firemen in gear standing in front of a firetruck with red light. Two firemen getting ready to get onto a firetruck. Two firemen are standing next to their firetruck. Two firemen are standing by a firetruck.	A pitcher standing.	contradiction
A young girl being held by an older woman wearing blue jeans sitting on the lap of a bear statue near the entrance to a wooden building. A woman and little girl are sitting on a wooden bench beside a wooden bear. A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear. A woman and child sitting on a bench beside a wooden bear carving.	A woman poses.	entailment
A woman in a gray shirt is hunched over, with her arm on her hip. A woman in a gray shirt stands with her arm on her hip. A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something. The girl in the gray shirt has very dark hair.	A woman leaps while another woman watches.	neutral
Two people with hard hats and orange vests are working. Workmen on a scaffolding inside a brightly lit tunnel. Two construction workers are working on a scaffold. Men in a Subway station, doing maintenance work.	Man standing.	contradiction
A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge. A kid doing tricks on a skateboard on a bridge A skateboarder is airborne on a bridge. A skateboard jumps down a bridge.	A terrier jumping.	contradiction
An ancient city with people walking the streets. People in front of a beige five story building. The corner of a building, from the street. A building with people outside.	A group stands.	entailment
Numerous workers with blue shirts and white aprons are preparing fish for sale. Many workers in an Asian market work diligently. Workers preparing food in a restaurant. Asian workers are working hard.	This appears to be a group.	entailment
A group of policemen are standing outside of a building. A group of police officers outside a city building. A group of policeman in front of a glass building Policemen are gathered around a glass building.	An officer walking.	contradiction
A person in navy blue top and pants is curving his body in midair while a person walks by and others look on. A man performs a back flip while preparing for an outdoor performance or competition. A guy doing a back flip over a blue mat in a park while others watch. A man tumbles as spectators watch at the University of Michigan.	Leader watches.	neutral
Four men in green at a soccer goal post trying to score, while three men in blue try to prevent it. Footballers are scrambling around the goal as the goal keeper reaches for the ball. Two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball. A group of guys playing soccer on a field.	Soccer players compete for the ball.	entailment
A man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar. A young man wearing a plaid shirt sings into the microphone and plays his guitar. This is guy is singing to people on stage while playing his brown guitar. A man singing and playing guitar with his eyes closed.	A musician playing instrument on stage.	entailment
Young, hooded boy and girl huddle on steps outside large doors. Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain. Two young adults holding each other in front of a door. Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.	A couple sitting.	neutral
A woman with a chain around her neck leans before a small girl playing a game of Jenga while others watch on. Man in straight jacket trying to get loose, standing in front of child with Jenga blocks. Person escapes straitjacket and chains while a child looks on. Man escaping a straitjacket while many people watch.	Opponent watches.	neutral
A man in a cowboy hat is running an ice cream cart with the words " Sorvete e Gelados Nicolau. " A man works a small ice cream stand that says " Sorvette e Gelados " on the side. A man wearing a white hat is sitting behind an ice cream cart. Man working a gelato stand	A man standing.	entailment
Four people are standing next to a brick wall and the man is holding a sign that reads " Prayer booth " Several young people on a street holding a sign saying " Prayer Booth. " Some people are standing outside a store; one holds a sign. A man holding a prayer sign and standing with young girls.	A small group stands in front of shop.	entailment
An official in sunglasses sits behind the wheel in a white marked car that has yellow and blue stripes and a crest on its door. A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a white vehicle with a crest on the door. A man sits in a government vehicle on the street. A man is sitting in his car.	A blond woman sitting.	contradiction
One man is licking another man 's chin in front of a crowd of people. A man in a red tank top licking the face of another man. One man wearing a red shirt is kissing another man. A man is licking the face of another man.	A man having his bike repaired.	contradiction
Three dogs appear to be playing rough inside a fenced enclosure. Two standing dogs and one brown dog lying on its back interact. Two dogs standing and one dog lying down on its back. A brown dog is being attacked by two other dogs.	Dogs playfully wrestle.	entailment
Three individuals are sitting outside on brown benches next to the water. Two men and a woman are sitting on a bench, near water. Some people sit on public benches in front of the ocean. Three people are sitting at benches overlooking water.	A small group sitting.	entailment
A man is angrily boxing another, jabbing his left fist into the neck of the other. Two men donning green gloves are trading punches in an organized boxing match. A man in blue shorts boxing another man in black shorts. A boxer unloading a punch on another boxer in the ring.	Men fighting.	entailment
An older man holding a can of coca-cola makes a face as a boy stands by looking at the contents of a street cart. An elderly man wearing a gray jacket holding a can of Coca-Cola. A line forms at the concession stand. People roaming the farmer 's market.	A family looking out the window.	contradiction
Three News personal interviewing a couple of senior citizens, while another person looks on. Two elderly people being interviewed by a camera crew standing near a green metallic van. A television crew films an interview with an older couple in winter coats. People are talking to a camera crew with video and microphone.	A man standing in a parking lot.	neutral
A group of individuals, gathered around a pit fire and wieners on a grill, are drinking an assortment of beverages. Seven men are grilling hotdogs and socializing next to a fire pit. Friends sitting around a barbecue having drinking beer. Group of young men grilling hotdogs.	A man and his kids standing.	contradiction
A blond woman in a red t-shirt and a blur wristband sings into a microphone against a green background. A blond woman in a red dress takes the microphone against a background of green. A blond woman wearing a red shirt and a wristband, at a microphone. A woman in red is holding a microphone in front of a green background.	A woman is jumping up from her seat.	contradiction
A single person on a bike rides through a dirt path past a wooded area. A person on a motorbike rides on a trail through a green forest. A biker rides through a wild yet beautiful wooded area. A biker is riding a bike in the forest.	A man passed out.	contradiction
A married, left handed woman wearing a long-sleeved red shirt is applying makeup in mirror. A woman looks stone-faced in the mirror as she applies eyeliner. A woman carefully applies makeup in front of a mirror. A beautiful woman are making your eyes.	A woman applying mascara to her eyelashes.	neutral
A group of women walking down the sidewalk in the early morning or evening hours, dressed for cool weather. A group of people waking down a city street. A group of women is walking on a sidewalk. There are people on the sidewalk.	Friends walking.	entailment
One woman delivers a lecture with a PowerPoint to a large group of women, with predominantly black hair. Many women with tied up hair sit at a health presentation. Nursing students sitting in a classroom. Ladies attending a medical seminar.	A woman bites.	contradiction
Two young boys sitting on a sunlit floor smiling and holding a black lab puppy. Two little boys smiling and holding a tiny, black puppy. Two little boys in polos, are holding a black lab. Two children sitting with a black puppy.	Boys pose.	neutral
The little girl is happily making her way past the yellow tables and benches. Somebody is reaching out their arm to a little girl that is about to walk by. A little girl running through a crowd of people sitting. A girl running to her parents at a fair.	A child running on a beach.	neutral
A group of protesters in the street waving signs as well as a red flag and a white balloon. A man in a blue outfit decides to grab his private areas in the middle of a protest. A man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration. A man in a blue jumpsuit jumping around in a street.	Man standing on car.	contradiction
A young man is walking through a busy street beside a mall. Woman in a pink hat walking with a man in a gray sweater. A woman in a pink hat strolls along sidewalk. Several people are walking around outside.	A couple walks.	entailment
A dog bounding across the sandy landscape in front of people watching. A black and white dog is running through the sand at a beach. A black and white dog playing in the sand. Black dog running across dirt.	A dog lunges.	neutral
There are rows upon rows of seats and benches filled with people, four giant chandeliers and four equally sized pillars dominate the room. People are sitting in a balcony overlooking a large room below that has four chandeliers. The people with programs are seated in a very large, elegant room. A bald man is looking at a woman.	A group sitting in an auditorium.	entailment
A group of small children horseplay while waiting outside a home. A group of children are playing while waiting for the bus. Six Asian children, most in uniforms, laughing. Several boys playing around in the field.	Some boy scouts standing.	neutral
A young boy attempts to catch a rugby ball at the beach while dressed in a very colorful outfit. The boy dressed in red prepares to catch the football as he feels the sand under his feet. A kid wearing all red prepares to catch the ball flying towards him. A person in red playing football on the beach.	Hockey players waiting.	contradiction
Ballerinas performing a dance routine wearing various colored dresses holding hands with their right legs held up. Several women are performing ballet on stage with colorful leotards and tutus. A harmonized moment in a colorful ballerina show. Dancers on a stage in different color dresses	Group doing a dance.	entailment
A white dog with brown spots is jumping through the air. Black and white dog running across grass. A dog is running through a green yard. A dog running through a green yard.	A dog running through a grassy area.	entailment
A man in the snow on a ramp working on an ice sculpture. A man uses a chainsaw to sculpt a phallic ice sculpture. A man uses a chainsaw to make an ice sculpture. A man with a saw is creating an ice sculpture.	A man cuts a block.	entailment
Kids dressed in similar outfits stand on the steps of a building, laugh and smile while watching a man and woman dance together in the sun. A group of college students sitting on steps watching a couple dance. A group of people watching a young lady and man. A group of people are sitting on steps.	A partner sitting.	neutral
A lady in a dark top and black necklace is sitting next to a man in a black sweater and listening to a conversation. A man and a woman are sitting at a table talking. Man looks on as woman is talking while at a bar. A woman and a man sit a table in a bar.	Another couple standing.	neutral
Girl asleep on a desk in a room filled with lots of junk. A woman sleeps behind the counter of a shop. A lady who has fallen asleep hard at work. Two men going fishing for dinner.	A lady and talking.	contradiction
Asian women spin balls of thread, on hand operated spinning wheels in primitive conditions. Multiple females sitting Indian-style doing what appears to be textile work. Several women are spinning fabric and most are wearing a head cloth. Women are working at looms.	A group of Indian women sitting.	neutral
A black man is talking on his cellphone and is holding a vintage camera. A man dressed in black holding a cellphone, and a huge antique camera. A man with an old fashioned camera talks on a cellphone. An African with an old magnesium flash camera.	Men jousting.	contradiction
A group of men dressed in Japanese style clothing walk near a large float. A group of men in Asian wear standing in front of an Asian float. People in Asian garb are walking in a parade. A group of people are outside for an event.	A man selling food to a woman.	contradiction
A woman in a denim vest standing with a child in a white shirt at her feet. Asian parents and toddlers at a park area playing with bubbles. Several women in a park with their toddlers and soap bubbles An older woman is supervising a toddler.	A woman posing.	contradiction
A girl in a white tank top with bows on it is walking with two other women behind her. Girls in the aftermath of a rainstorm continue on their way. Two wet teenage girls walk around the pool area. A wet girl wearing a white shirt and a necklace.	A woman holding a stick.	contradiction
A person with lots of hair and a Pac-man jacket is making a phone call. A man has bleached tips in his Afro style hair and is on a cellphone. A man with dreadlocks is plugging his ear to hear a phone call. A man with black hair and blond tips talks on his cellphone	Man sitting in white room.	contradiction
Firefighters wear reflective uniforms and stare upwards. Several firefighters are responding to an alarm. Reflections from the firemen 's uniforms. Firefighters are responding to an event.	Firefighter converses.	entailment
People gather to drink and talk outside the door of a building. A group of young people are standing on the sidewalk at night. Some young people are hanging out at night outside a building. A group of people are hanging on a sidewalk.	A group walks down a street at night.	entailment
A ballerina standing on the toes of one foot with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her. Female ballerina doing a pose up on her toes of foot in a large room with a red floor. The young woman in a brown leotard is performing her ballet routine. A dancer wearing an orange suit shows off her dance skills.	A ballerina striking a pose in a studio.	entailment
A woman walking by two cardboard cowboy gunslingers outside of a building with Dave written on it. A lady in blue long shorts and carrying a bag is glancing at the street art on a yellow building. An older woman walks down a frescoed sidewalk outside of a gun store called " Dave 's ". An older lady walks by looking at a store.	A woman walking past a shop.	entailment
A chef is cooking some food for a man in a green shirt. A chef cooking some food while two people watch. Two Chinese men working in a restaurant. A man cooking in a restaurants.	A man cooking sausages on a grill.	neutral
A mountain biker, wearing a black helmet and shirt, in motion. One biker wearing a black helmet riding on a dirt hill. Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area Dirt biker taking a corner	A man taking a turn.	entailment
A marathon runner either starting or passing through a checkpoint at a fundraiser marathon. A dark-haired man in a black running suit with a number on his chest running. A man being shown running in a black suit, running for Haiti. A man in black runs a race.	A man getting ready.	contradiction
A man, wearing a black shirt and red lanyard, is standing in front of a group of other males. A man in a dark shirt and orange lanyard speaking to an audience. A man is giving a presentation in front of a crowd. A man is giving a presentation.	A man water-skiing.	contradiction
A young lady wearing blue jeans and a white jacket is walking down a street filled with trash. Four people in what looks like a back alley are walking while one sits down. Local vendor in the city selling his product to city folk. A woman in a white jacket walks past messy storefronts.	Pedestrians walk.	entailment
Three young women in a city crowd are standing together and two of them are in the middle of high-fives with one another. A group of women congratulate each other through the use of high-fives. Several female athletes high-five each other during a competition. A group of girlshigh-five each other outside of a stone building.	A lady running.	contradiction
A man with glasses in a light colored button up shirt talking to a man in a blue shirt and a man in a dark striped shirt. A man wearing a light blue shirt and glasses is talking to two gentleman in front of his kiosk Men discuss something while in front of stand. A man explains a display to two other men.	A man posing.	contradiction
One woman, with red hair pulled back in a ponytail, is setting down on a white seat, playing the cello, and has music stands, with music sheets, surrounding her. A girl sitting on a chair and playing the violin at the same time. Cellist in a blue polo shirt prepares to perform outdoors. A blond woman in blue clothes is playing a cello.	A girl playing an instrument.	entailment
Three children gathered around a rock while one crushes smaller rocks on top of it. Three small children in white shirts are playing by a rock. Three young children squat around a large rock. Three little kids playing outside.	Children sitting.	entailment
A black and yellow bird is eating a worm while resting on the grassy ground. A black bird with a yellow beak standing in green grass. A black and orange bird in the grass A bird with a bug in its mouth.	Hikers stand on a trail.	contradiction
Three friends chat in the backyard during a hot summer day. A man and two women having a conversation on a lawn. Three people, are having a casual conversation. Three person are discussing something.	A man touches his head.	contradiction
A man striking a pose as one man with a bike, and another man in the background watch. One teenager gives a performance, while another, holding a bike, looks on. Two boys in all black standing next to both a bike and a tree. Young guys are having fun.	A man woodworking.	contradiction
Two young men with shaggy hair are waiting outside, wearing warm clothes and backpacks. Two long-haired boys are by a white window. Two teenage boys walking on the street. Two young men walking together.	Guys standing.	neutral
A man dressed in a plaid shirt and jeans stands just beside a bright spot of sun shining into either a cave or a mine of some sort. A man is working in a mine or cavern of some sort. The man wearing a hat is in a stone passage. A man in a plaid shirt stands in a cave.	Some men standing next to animals.	contradiction
A young man in a white and pink striped shirt is riding in a horse and buggy down a paved road. A man in a pink and white striped shirt holding the reins of a horse. A man conducts a horse-driven carriage on a tree-lined avenue. A man controlling a horse drawn carriage	A man pulled by an animal.	entailment
A person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along. Man in blue and white striped shirt walks along beach barefoot. A man running with no shoes on his feet. A man in a striped shirt running.	A man running down a dirt road.	entailment
A large group of people holding signs and an elderly man with a red sports coat, multicolored tie and sailor cap talking with a young girl. A frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons. An old man wearing a suit, tie, and a captain 's hat is standing amid a crowd, with an angry look on his face. An old man wearing a red suit stands in a large social gathering.	A man walks.	neutral
A young boy wearing rubber boots dark shorts and a checkered shirt is lying down sleeping on stacks of yellow metal guard rails. A young black boy with a striped shirt, black shorts and black rain boots laying on a row of yellow street barriers. A boy lies across gates stacked against each other in a park. A man sleeps on a stack of folding carts in a park.	Boys competing.	contradiction
A young woman in a green shirt and blue shorts is walking past a man with a grocery card full of clothes. A homeless man in a white t-shirt and black pants on the sidewalk. A homeless man stand between two pedestrians on a street corner. A man is by a shopping cart with people walking on the street.	Some men float.	contradiction
A fashion model is posing for the camera wearing a revealing top. A model posing for in risque clothing for a photo shoot. A model is posing for a photo shoot. Model posing against a white wall.	A woman standing against a wall.	neutral
A rock concert in a darkly lit room in the middle of the lead singer belting out a verse. A shirtless singer at a concert in front of a cheering crowd with arms up in the air. A concert is going on, with everyone joining in to sing the song. A musical group plays for an enthusiastic crowd.	A group member sings.	entailment
A group of about eight people wearing different colored, numbered sport shirts are all sitting very close to the ground on what appears to be go-carts or specialized race cars. Eight go-kart racers speed around the curves at fast paced speeds as they all race of the same goal of finishing first on their mind as the compete in a race. Eight drag racers are racing around a curvy course with helmets on and there is a line of trees at the edge of the course. Eight people racing go-carts on a racing course.	Riders racing.	entailment
A man with his hands in his pockets while crossing the street. A man with a black suit with brown hair with an angry face. A man in a business suit has just crossed the street. A man in a blue dress shirt.	A man stands next to a wood.	contradiction
A man leads while his horse pulls his cart along the dirt road. A man wearing a ha is taking his horse out for a walk. Horse and man standing on a dirt trail. Man in cap stands next to horse.	A man smiling.	neutral
An oriental woman wearing a black tunic, leggings and boots, stands outside a produce store. A woman wearing black with a white handbag is standing on the sidewalk in front of a market. The young lady is waiting on the sidewalk in front of a produce stand. A woman in a black coat stands on a curb outside a market.	Asian woman standing on street.	entailment
A man sits contemplating something while a man sits over his right shoulder drinking a beer A man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man. A man in a blue shirt looks like he is contemplating something. A man is wearing a blue button down shirt and sunglasses.	A man smiling.	neutral
Some people looking out windows in a large building. Three people are waiting on a train platform. Three people standing at a station. People waiting for the subway	A woman and her friend pose for picture.	neutral
A man wearing suspenders and a dark blue shirt standing on top of a firetruck. A fireman is standing on top of a firetruck looking out into the distance. Man standing on a firetruck in front of brick building. A fireman standing on top of a firetruck.	A child standing up.	contradiction
A man and a lady, carrying a gray bag on her shoulder, are walking among a crowd at a gathering. Many people at an outdoor gathering with a guy and girl in the foreground. A man and woman are standing in a grassy area with other people. A man in black shorts walks with a girl at a festival.	A couple laughing.	neutral
A blond girl pulls a funny face as she cubes Velveeta cheese and puts it in a bowl. A girl makes a face while cutting cheese cubes in her kitchen. The lady is using the knife to cube some cheese. Woman is surprised cutting the cheese.	A lady slicing food.	entailment
The gauges of a small flying vessel, with another plane and three people in the background. Men are standing near a small plane on a runway. Airplane controller is outside white airplane. The dashboard of a small plane.	An old man sits on a curb.	contradiction
A firefighter is walking with his head down on a street corner. A firefighter is looking down from inside a scene. A firefighter is on the street looking down. A fireman is looking down at the ground.	A firefighter standing.	entailment
Young Japanese women window shop in front of a store displaying a sign with an English translation of " Cash and Wrap, " and featuring a McDonald 's fast food nook. Two Chinese women at the cash and rap store third women counting her money for her purchase. Two women looks over an item at a Chinese convenience store. Two women shop at an Asian convenience store.	Women standing.	entailment
A black and tan dog jumping in the air in a grassy area in front of a fence. Black and tan dog with all paws off ground and yellow object in mouth. A dog running with something in his mouth in the grass. The dog by the fence is running on the grass.	Dogs playing with each other.	entailment
A woman in jeans and a red shirt poses with her fists clenched and foot extended. A woman by a lake and forest is pretending to kick towards the camera. A woman in a red sweater is doing a karate kick towards the camera. A woman in an orange top is demonstrating a karate kick.	A woman strikes a martial arts pose.	entailment
A small brass band performs on stage for a large audience with a department flag on one side of the stage and an America flag on the other side. A school band performing in front of a crowded park surrounded by trees. The orchestra plays for the crowd beneath the lush greenery. A group of musicians play outside in front of a large crowd.	Gentlemen playing instruments at a park.	entailment
A brown and white dog wearing a red collar is standing in the snow. A boxer leaps in the snow. Large dog out in the snow. A dog above snow.	A little gray dog jumps.	contradiction
A girl in a green top is blowing the seed from a dandelion in a green field. A young girl is blowing dandelions in a field. A girl picking dandelions in a grassy meadow. A young girl standing in a grassy field.	A girl walking in a field.	entailment
A race car driver is trying to block the champagne from getting in his face after a win while the other driver is spraying him with the champagne. The race car drivers just won a race and are popping champagne while the girl is standing there trying to stay looking pretty. A racer celebrates his victory by holding his trophy and being showered by champagne. Two race car drivers and a beautiful girl are promoting an alcoholic beverage	Drivers smile.	entailment
Women in a green dress with a purple hula hoop around her, a large crowd of people behind her. A blond woman in a bright, mismatched outfit, participating in a hula hoop contest. A girl is twirling a hula hoop in a parade. Middle-aged blond woman hula hooping.	A woman cheering.	neutral
Two people are seated on a camel while another camel is in the foreground. Two camels are walking along the beach carrying two girls. People ride two camels at the beach. A girl and a woman ride a camel.	Two children sitting.	contradiction
French Olympic medalists on the stand celebrating their victory. Six women that are showing their nationality by holding a flag. Women are outside holding a flag. Six women displaying a flag.	Women pose.	entailment
A brown and white dog walking on concrete debris with a gravel pile in the background. A dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble. A tan dog is climbing down a pile of concrete rubble. A dog is in a landfill.	A dog running in a field.	contradiction
A man with a blue shirt and gray apron cuts fish at an outdoor market. A man in a blue shirt and apron prepares food. An older man in glasses is preparing meat. A man wearing apron is slicing a meat.	A butcher cutting meat.	entailment
Two women are hand-crafting something or making clay pottery. Two women with blue hairnets smiling at the camera. Two smiling kitchen workers are mashing something. Two women are working in a kitchen.	Two women preparing food.	entailment
The football players are wearing red and white, and the crowd is also wearing red and white. The football player in red is running with the ball towards the player in white. A red team and a white team are playing football. Football players avoiding a fumble.	A black man playing drums.	contradiction
A boy is airborne on his skateboard above a set of rails in an industrial setting. A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks. A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks. A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track.	Friends jumping.	contradiction
A woman in a black leather mini-dress and boots is shopping from a street vendor. A woman in a black tank top, skirt and boots is looking at jewelry for sale. Young woman dressed in black looks over articles from a street vendor. A woman in a black leather skirt perusing at the market.	A girl standing.	entailment
A wet, brown dog is looking out from under a green porch while two bicyclists tend to their bikes. A brown dog sitting under a bench with two people in the background. A dog chilling on a bench while he has two biker observing him Two men looking at a wet dog.	A dog bearing its teeth at a dog.	contradiction
Three women in fedoras, dark brown shawls, and long brown skirts stand on a brick walkway with a seated dog. Three women in dark shawls and hats talk on a brick street while a dog sits next to them. Three women wearing robes and hats stand in a street with a yellow dog. Three women in old-fashioned clothing stand in the street with a dog.	Women discussing.	entailment
An Asian man with black rimmed glasses is on a subway with several other people. A crowded bus and a young man in glasses pinching his nose. An Asian man in a brown jacket sits on a subway. Passengers are crowded on a train.	A man has a rope.	contradiction
A man dressed in a vest, hat, and red striped shirt is dancing with a woman dressed in vibrant, multiple colors. A woman, wearing a patchwork dress and holding a handkerchief in her left hand, saying good bye. A very excited man and woman look like something has gone their way and they are celebrating. A greeting between old friends.	Men are standing next to trees.	contradiction
Five men and a woman sit around a coffee table conversing while one man writes in a notebook. Six casually dressed people lounge around a small coffee table. A mixed group of men and women relax in a formal living room. People in chairs around a table	A man taking a break from work.	neutral
A mom and her two kids read a book outside a building with workers wearing orange. A woman and two children reading outside on a stone bench. A woman reading to two children outside A girl reading to two children.	Women having a chat.	contradiction
Long-necked, flying white bird grazes water with black legs. A big white bird flies out of the water leaving a splash. A crane flying just above a body of water The white crane is landing in the water.	A white animal taking flight.	entailment
A man in a black shirt is making a video recording of another man in a black shirt. Two men wearing black shirts have a conversation near a video camera. A cameraman recording yet another man while he makes a speech. Two men in black shirts are conversing around a video camera.	Middle-aged men sit.	contradiction
Two men wearing hats and shawls ride brown horses and chase a calf in a red-white-and-blue walled arena. Two men on horses chase down a cow on a sunny day. Two men are on horseback trying to rope a cattle. Two rodeo riders going after a young steer.	Men attempting to rope an animal.	entailment
A shirtless, blue-eyed, short-haired boy is wet from the shallow pool, where two other people are standing in the water. A group of children playing in the shallow water. Young boys stares deeply into the camera. The image links are broken.	A toddler standing.	neutral
A lady paying attention to what she is watching, another woman taking photos. A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event. A woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings. Woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings.	Women doing some work.	neutral
An Asian group eating at a modern restaurant with red walls and black and white lighting. Many people are sitting in a restaurant eating their meals. Asians eating in a restaurant with an orange motif. People eating at a Chinese restaurant.	Soldiers sitting.	neutral
A woman in a dress is holding a camera next to another woman who is laughing. Two young women are standing in a living room laughing and smiling. Two women laughing at a cat walking on the furniture. Two young women clap their hands in laughter.	Some women having fun.	entailment
Five construction workers are working on the frame of a building with three of them leaning against the railing. There are five men wearing orange jumpsuits and blue hard hats on four levels of scaffolding next to a building. Five constructions workers in orange jumpsuits and hard hats on four levels of a construction project. Five workers in orange outfits and blue helmets work on scaffolding.	Workers stand.	entailment
Man with brown hair and a woman with blond hair smile. A woman in brown and a man in gray look at the camera. A couple posing together each smiling Two guys and a girl smiling.	A woman leans over.	neutral
A skinny skateboarder is jumping over a fire hydrant on his skateboard. A man jumping over a white fire hydrant on a skateboard. A guy on a skateboard doing a flip over a fire thing. A skateboarder leaps over a white fire hydrant.	A skater makes a jump.	entailment
A drummer is playing while wearing sunglasses. A man wearing sunglasses playing the drums. A man playing a set of Yamaha drums. Man playing on the drums.	A man with brown hair playing the instruments.	neutral
A kid wearing a camouflage shirt fires a paintball gun behind a tree. A boy is wearing hunting gear and holding a paintball gun. A young boy is preparing to shoot a paintball gun. Paintball fight on the range	Boy sitting.	neutral
A man in sunglasses and a baseball cap stands beside a TV cameraman in stadium full of people. A man in a blue hat is watching something that is happening off-camera. A man in a baseball hat and sunglasses watching an event in a crowd. The man in the gray shirt has a blue baseball cap on.	A man looking at a contraption.	contradiction
A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park. Two people are at the edge of a lake, facing the water and the city skyline. A child and a woman are at waters edge in a big city. A little boy at a lake watching a duck.	Many birds sit.	neutral
Two older men are having a discussion outdoors in an area with stone walls and floor. Two men sit casually in folding chairs, gesturing, and speaking to one another. Two men sit and chat on a stone lanai surrounded by plants. Two men sit talking near a stone building.	Old men having a conversation.	entailment
A woman, a man, and an ambiguous individual talk in front of a door. Chef with two women having a conversation. Welcome to our house and come inside. Three people have a conversation.	Some boys talk.	contradiction
A basketball player leaps with the ball while opponents try to block him. A pro basketball player in a white Miami uniform makes a defensive move. Basketball players try to block a ball from going into the goal. The basketball player is number 21 from Miami.	Man makes a shot.	neutral
A guy, wearing a Superman costume and cowboy hat, is carrying a sign about Designer Bags costing $10.0. A man in a superman costume, cowboy boots, cowboy hat selling designer bags for $10.0 on a busy street. A man wearing a superman costume and a cowboy hat holds a pink sign as he walks down the street. A man in a superman costume is holding a sign, on the side of the road.	Men standing outdoors.	neutral
A group of men in a bike race on a city street with a man in a gray and red Speedo outfit and helmet happily in the lead. A man in a silver helmet enthusiastically participates in a bike race. A strained bicyclist pedals in front of his fellow racers. Two cyclists competing in a race.	A couple pulls.	contradiction
Vibrant colored dress wearing, long-haired women and men, under a bridge, dance in joy while a lone member holds up a peace sign with her hand. Five women and one man are wearing multicolored skirts dancing under a grooved structure. Several women that look like they are head-banging. Six enthusiastic young women happily dance.	Women jumping.	neutral
A person is crosscountry skiing through the snow. A crosscountry skier going through the woods. A skier is by himself in the woods. Lone skier walks through the snow.	A skier traveling.	entailment
A family is enjoying a sunny day, while laying on the green grass. Three teenagers laying in a field and socializing with each other. A family of three bask in the sun in a park. A family doing a picnic in the park.	A child skiing.	contradiction
A kayaker wearing yellow fights the rapids. A man goes through whitewater in a kayak. A man kayaking in rough water. A man kayaks in rough water.	A man riding a boat.	entailment
A little boy wearing an adult-size cap is laughing and enjoying a popsicle. This small boy is eating color ice creme in the stick. A little boy in an oversized cap is eating a Popsicle. A little kid is holding a frozen pop.	Some women laughing.	contradiction
Four people, three women and one male sitting at a bar talking and having drinks at a New Years gathering with more people in the background. Four people are engaged in conversation around a table at a New Year party. Three women and a man sitting at a table with a large pitcher of beer. Three women and a man are drinking beer at a table.	A group talking.	entailment
A group of three dogs running across a rocky, sandy beach. A black dog is being chase by two brown dogs on the beach. A black dog is followed by two brown dogs over sand. Three dogs are running across a sandy landscape.	Brown and white dogs moving.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt sitting on a red seat watching people walking by. A man finds a unique place to sit and rest on a city sidewalk. An older man in a black shirt sitting on a fire hydrant. An old man is sitting on a rad fire hydrant.	A man sitting along a street.	entailment
A blond woman in a sports jersey sits on a stool next to a table where several others have gathered. Many people are talking at a table with one woman wearing a sports jersey. A group of people sitting around a table with drinks. Friends hanging out and having a few beers.	Men sitting.	neutral
Two female Army personnel are handling a lot of paperwork at one desk. Two female military members go through paperwork in an office. Two military personnel are doing paperwork in an office. Two US army women looking over documents by a table	Two soldiers sit.	entailment
A man in a blue hard hat and orange shirt is fixing the siding of a road. A man wearing an orange shirt and blue hard hat is measuring an area. A male construction working is applying parts to a bridge. Worker in hard had working on a road near water.	A man helps another man do a flip.	contradiction
A man in a black coat and gray scarf walks on a sidewalk in between a fence and a row of hedges. A man in a black jacket, dark sunglasses and gray pants walking along the sidewalk A man in black coat and gray pants are walking along a quiet street. A man in a jacket and a scarf walking down a sidewalk.	A man gambling.	contradiction
A soccer goalie in red and green attempts to move the ball out of range of a player in red as the goalie has possession of it in his hands. Four men, three of which are playing soccer, all three of them wearing uniforms with red on them, the fourth man is onlooking. A male goalie wearing green and red holds a soccer ball, beside him are two other soccer players wearing red jerseys. The goalie is fleeing the defender to try to get the ball to a teammate.	Several players stand.	neutral
Five people really high up on a scaffold, one man has a torch working on a rail on the scaffold. The man standing at the top of the frame has sparks coming from the tool he is working with. Several people are working on a structure. Workers on a railing.	Workers building something.	entailment
A man in a green polo plays guitar in front of a window. A small band performs inside of a bar. Small band playing at front of pub. A band plays in a bar setting	A man standing on stage.	entailment
Woman in black dress speaking to attendees sitting randomly in a room. A crowd of people indoors sitting at tables with name tags. A woman in a black dress is speaking to a group of people. A lady in a black dress is talking to a group of people.	A woman stands and addresses a group.	entailment
A man in a white helmet and green shirt grinds on his rollerblades. A guy in green is rollerskating on a narrow strip. A man rollerblading on a metal bar. Rollerblades sliding on a railing.	A man skating.	entailment
Old guy, looking like Jerry Garcia, playing guitar on stage while others stand behind him. A man sits behind a music stand playing the guitar while people perform in the background. An balding older man wearing glasses is on a stage playing an acoustic guitar. An older man is playing a guitar while on stage.	A gentleman plays an instrument on stage.	entailment
A military uniformed man with a purple accented hair female standing on concrete. A smiling man in naval officers uniform stands next to a woman with purple hair. A woman with purple hair and a man in military regalia. Man in uniform stands near woman with purple hair.	Men holding books.	contradiction
A goalie in a hockey game dives to catch a puck as the opposing team charges towards the goal. The white team hits the puck, but the goalie from the purple team makes the save. Picture of hockey team while goal is being scored. A hockey game is going on.	Two teams playing a game.	entailment
Wet with water dripping from overhead, a man wipes some from his eyes as he is beat over the head with a club. Men with crowns of leaves on their heads are standing in the rain. Three older men standing in the rain with leaves on their head. Men with crowns of leaves stand in a downpour.	Guy walking.	contradiction
A young girl bends down to her green pail which she is using to mop the tile floor. A small girl in a purple jacket is holding a mop and peering into a bucket. A young girl, wearing a purple jacket, is holding a bucket and a mop. A young girl is using a mop and bucket on the floors.	A child trying to mop the floor.	entailment
A dirt-blonde girl in a white top with a key necklace holds a bag, standing in front of a sidewalk of street. The blue hat covered the young man 's eyes from the bright sun, while playing tennis in a green shirt. Lady in white shirt with a green bag posing for the camera A red-haired Caucasian girl with a green bag.	Several women running.	contradiction
Two women stuff filing in wrappers while a man wearing a blue t-shirt looks on. Man looks down at two women cooking with a silly look on his face. Two women are busy cooking while a family member looks on. Two women cook while a man looks on in disapproval.	A man sitting on a machine.	contradiction
Little girl in watermelon swimsuit, emerges from pool and flips wet hair. Girl in swimming pool flinging her hair back over her head. A young girl whips her hair over her head in a public pool Girl slinging water out of hair while in a pool.	A child jumping out of the water.	entailment
Two young women in Middle-Eastern-style headscarves walk down a city street. Two middle eastern women walk down the street with their shopping bags. Two women are conversing as they walk down the street. People going for a walk in a diverse city.	A woman talking.	entailment
A blond girl with a leather jacket on smiles at her friend while they stand in the rain at a concert. A blond girl having a conversation with her brunette friend at an outdoor concert venue in the rain. At an outdoor concert, blond and a brunette are caught in the rain. Girls laughing and wearing coat	A blond woman speaking.	neutral
Four kids playing, one in a red dress one in a pink shirt, one in a white shirt and a little boy with his arm through a green toy. One young girl in a dress, and three young children leaning against a wall. A group of children playing and having a good time. Young children playing with paper.	Kids sit on a bench.	contradiction
Three women with headscarves and bright clothing take a ride in a rickshaw. Women in Afghanistan who must cover themselves. Three women are riding in a carriage together. Three women are riding in a cart.	Some women standing.	contradiction
A member of the blue devils youth basketball team controls a ball in a game against the crusaders. A group of teenagers in a variety of jerseys maneuver for control of a basketball. Some boys are playing basketball on a court. A basketball game between two schools.	Men playing a competitive game.	entailment
A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain. A man and woman wearing sunglasses sitting on a rock. A man and woman sit on the rocky overlook. A man and a woman sit on rocks.	Children sitting in a circle.	contradiction
A worker in a yellow suit and red hat is working high above the city. A worker in a yellow jacket is hoisted up high to work on a building. A worker in a red hat and yellow coat is on crane lift. A Heavy machine lifting up a worker.	A man working on the side of a building.	entailment
A white-haired man closes his eyes as he plays a violin in front of a stone building on a sunny day. A smiling man, seated, leans against the wall while he plays a violin. A sitting man playing the violin. Man with mustache plays violin.	An old man playing an instrument.	entailment
One soldier is hopping over a 6 foot gate to join two other soldiers, one of which has his gun aiming back over the gate. A soldier dressed in combat gear scales a wall to join his fellow comrades on the other side. American soldiers smile as one hurdles over a wall. A soldier climbs over a gate as two others look on.	Friends socializing.	contradiction
A group of people all dressed up marching along the road playing instruments and holding flags and other props. A group of men are dressed in old military costumes, carrying instruments as if in a parade. Men dressed in 1800 's military uniforms in formation to march with band. A whole town participates in a war reenactment in the streets.	Two men standing on a path.	neutral
A large brown dog and a small gray dog on a rocky surface with weeds behind them. A small black dog is shocked when a larger brown dog gives him a sniff. A large brown dog has his nose on the back of a small black dog. The brown dog sniffs the back of a smaller black dog.	A large dog catching a Frisbee.	contradiction
Outside on a park bench an elderly man naps, while someone works in the background. An old man with white hair falls asleep on a green bench outside. A man in a red sweater sits on a green bench in a park. Old man wearing a red shirt sitting on a green bench.	A painter sits.	contradiction
Girl on a bike kissing a friend, who is wearing a backpack. A man leans over to kiss a woman on a bike near a palm tree. A woman in a purple outfit, on a bike, is kissing a man. A woman in pink, sitting on a bicycle, is kissing a man	A man walking.	contradiction
Two females are playing rugby on a field, one with a blue uniform and one with a white uniform. Two females, one in a dark blue shirt and the other in a white shirt, are playing lacrosse. A female lacrosse player in blue chasing another in white who is moving away with the ball. Two women are playing lacrosse on a turf field.	Two women posing for a camera.	contradiction
A man in a brown American Classics shirt can be seen in the foreground, squinting his eyes closed while a crowded nightclub. A boy stands goofily in the middle of a social gathering. A guy in a light brown shirt smile at the camera. Man having fun at a party.	A guy poses for a picture.	entailment
A doctor wearing blue scrubs leans against a wall while watching others work on a patient. Medical staff looks on as a medical procedure takes place on a video monitor. A medical worker wearing a mask in the hospital. A man in blue scrubs observes an operation.	A doctor standing.	entailment
Eight oriental teenagers in red shirts are sitting on concrete bleachers. A group of people wearing red shirts are sitting on a stone bench. A group of Asian teenagers wearing red t-shirts sit on steps. Several young people in red shirts are sitting on steps.	Men sit on a long bench.	neutral
People talk among themselves near an outside sitting area. Three young people stand on the street conversing. Three people stand together talking. Three friends are talking.	Individuals conversing.	entailment
A woman in a plaid dress and bare feet performing a ritual dance over bamboo poles. A woman dressed in bright clothing jumps over sticks held by a man. A young woman jumping over wooden objects in front of onlookers. A girl wearing bright colors is jumping around during a festival.	Two girls running.	contradiction
A waitress in a Mexican style restaurant is serving a group of people at one of her tables. A waitress in a white t-shirt serving guests at a restaurant. A waitress is serving some women at a restaurant. A waitress is serving customers at a restaurant.	Some women gathered.	neutral
A man looks out at the water under a bridge and against a skyline. A man gazes over the rail in the peaceful early morning. Man leaning on railing with lamppost behind him A man looks over a railing into the water.	A woman stands with a man.	contradiction
A group of people, mostly children, are playing in a shallow wading pool. Children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl 's face. A large display of a child 's face over a water park. A group of children are getting wet in a park.	Two children playing on a statue.	contradiction
Three different people, all wearing light colored tops and dark pants, are taking pictures with their cameras. A group of people are taking pictures, with one person standing on a plastic storage tub atop a table. People standing around taking video. Two people are taking pictures.	A man filming.	neutral
Men in soldier uniforms shoot guns into the air. A war reenactment with onlookers observing. Men are shooting guns in a public square. Gun salute during a public display.	A group learns.	contradiction
A dirty-blonde girl wearing a white tank top and blue jeans is standing in the middle of a green field and playing with dandelions. A girl in a green top is blowing the seed from a dandelion in a green field. A young girl is blowing dandelions in a field. A young girl standing in a grassy field.	A child kissing a child.	contradiction
A brown and black dog runs down a sandy beach. An orange cat with black stripes on a beach. A striped dog runs along the beach. Long necked dog jumps on sand	A performer runs.	contradiction
Two young women are embracing at the side of a road and looking at an mp3 player. Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to iPods. Two females are in an embrace on the street aside a beach. A woman and child hug near a road.	Woman walks on top of a wall.	contradiction
Two boys, one wearing blue and the other wearing white, are riding their bikes off a large jump on a dirt trail surrounded by trees. Two men are riding trail bikes and are jumping over a hill in an area that is wooded. Two BMX riders airborne having just hit a large dirt ramp. Two men or boys jumping bikes off bike course.	A boy is waving.	contradiction
A toddler holding a pink piece of yarn A child playing with some yarn. A baby is wearing red shorts. An Asian child holding yarn.	A child skiing.	contradiction
A shirtless man works with some white substance on a tray as he sits on a stool on a tiled floor. An old man sits on a low chair with a yellow tray on his lap. A man with green pants sitting with a tray on his lap. An old man sits with a tray in his lap.	A man smoking a cigarette.	contradiction
Adorable blond-haired little girl posing for her Daddy while he takes her picture. A child, in a red coat, makes a funny face for the camera. A girl in a red jacket laughs at the camera. A girl in a red jacket laughs at the camera.	A boy bends down.	neutral
There is a man sitting on a bus holding his head in his hands. A man on a bus drives past another man on the street. A man is waiting for a bus at the bus stop A bystander watches a bus go past.	A man passes a man on a sidewalk.	entailment
In the autumn, two men run in opposite directions down a path that leads over a bridge and through the woods, while two others walking a dog are stopped on the bridge. A man is jogging in the park and there are other 's jogging and walking dogs around him. Various people out and about in a public place on an autumn day. Man in all black outfit running across bridge.	A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass.	contradiction
An oriental child of approximately three years of age is blowing on a toy and she is wearing green bracelets. Young girl wearing white holding colorful paper by her mouth. A small child is playing with a toy in front of a wall. An Asian child blowing on a party favor.	A child has fun.	entailment
A small child in a cap is sitting on a large seat with hands through a steering wheel. A little kid dressed in blue, playing in a boat. A child in a green cap sits at a boats controls. A small child in a pretend car.	A boy gazing.	entailment
A baby boy sucks on the sweater arm of the woman holding him. A baby in a green bib with arms around him. The baby is holding someone 's arm. A baby in a highchair.	A baby sitting.	entailment
A boy and a large dog stand on a dock watching another dog swim in the water. A boy and a dog on a dock are watching another dog swim away. A boy and his dog are watching an object in the water. A boy and a dog stand on a dock watching another dog.	A black dog looking at another dog.	entailment
A man wearing sunglasses and walking with a cane is crossing the street. A man who uses a cane walks over the white lines of a crosswalk. The man is walking with a cane and carrying a bag. A man with a cane walking in a crosswalk.	A man navigating.	entailment
Man wearing sneakers and a gray T-shirt sits on his haunches facing a drum set with electrical cord around him. A man with a gray shirt is rehearsing in front of an empty drum set. A boy sits facing away from the camera in front of a drum set. A man is sitting in front of his drum set performing.	A musician kneeling.	entailment
Two men trading a sausage link with each other via mouth. Two men kissing with a sausage in their mouths. Two guys playing a game at a bachelor party. Two gay guys having fun with a wiener	A man standing outdoors.	contradiction
This appears to be a work place or research location, possibly a farm, but a very damp one that has some funky looking green mold creeping up the walls. Two men, one younger one older, work in a small room with open doors and windows loading plastic crates. Two men are working next to a large rectangular vat overflowing with water. Two men are working over a table in a room where fish is cleaned.	A cat stands.	contradiction
Little baby with whisk, is covered with cookie batter and waving the whisk around. A little girl with flour all over her sitting in a highchair. A little guy in a highchair playing with a whisk and flour. A little kid with food all over her face in a highchair.	Child makes a mess.	entailment
Man standing in front of a table filled with an assortment of eatable items as darkness look on. An abundance of food is neatly laid out in front of a gentleman with only lanterns for light. A young man shows off his food wares at a local market. A black man purchasing goods at a market.	Men facing each other.	neutral
A small white dog with a blue collar is climbing over a large log. A white terrier is jumping over a log. A white dog jumps over a log outside. A small white dog climbs over a log.	A dog walks.	entailment
A gymnast wearing a black leotard is flying through the air. A female dancer in black spandex flies through the air. There is a ballet dancer jumping in the air. A ballerina is doing a grande pas de chat.	A performer kneeling.	contradiction
An adult is braiding the hair of a young schoolgirl who sitting in a wooden chair in front of a tent with a baby in her lap. A girl sits, holding a baby, while a ribbon is put in her hair. Two children hugging each other in outdoor tent city. A woman is putting a ribbon in a little girl 's hair.	A child smiles.	neutral
A number of children wearing red shirts with white hearts stand outside a bus, watched by two men, receiving toys. A group of volunteers working with children to do a toy drive outside of a toys r us for children in need. Some men are watching after a group of kids in front of a Toys R Us. A group of children outside of a toy store loading off a bus.	A group of children sit on the sidewalk.	neutral
A man in a blue button-down shirt and holding a knife grins at a woman while standing in front of a white and black cake while another man in a black shirt stands behind him. The man in the blue shirt held a knife and got ready to cut the sheet cake. The man in the blue shirt is about to cut the cake. A man with a knife in front of a cake.	A man has a hat.	neutral
A closeup shot of a long-haired man playing a red electric guitar. Man with long blond hair playing red electric guitar. A man with long blond hair playing a red guitar Person with blond flyaway hair playing guitar	A man rocks out.	entailment
Two young men are playing a board game in the living room. Several men are playing a board game in a living room. A few men sitting on sofas, playing a board game. Two men playing a board game in the living room.	Child playing outside.	contradiction
Two people are walking alongside a decorative railing while wearing winter gear. Two people in coats walking next to a fence. Two people walk together on a cold day. Two people are walking by the ocean.	Man and woman walking.	entailment
An Asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercises on basketball court. Several people are participating in an athletics class. Various people on a basketball court. People dancing in front of an instructor	A man is about to kiss someone.	contradiction
A man is standing in the street, producing a ball of fire from an object in his hand. People are watching a street performer doing tricks with fire. A street performer wearing no shirt is doing an act with fire. A man blowing fire on the streets.	A man falling.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt and a man in an orange shirt and red turban are looking at things under microscopes. Two men look through microscopes in a lab with chemicals and petri dishes. Two men in a laboratory are peering through microscopes to observe slides. Two students observing things in a microscope in a student lab.	Two men sitting at a counter.	neutral
An older man in a suit peels a carrot while kneeling in the midst of a crowd of onlookers. An old gray-haired man demonstrates a vegetable peeler on a carrot. A gentleman is showing a crowd how to peel carrots with his peeler. An old man peeling carrots in front of a crowd.	Onlookers watch.	entailment
A dog that looks like Lassie, making a funny face. The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area. A puppy runs in the sand. A dog is waling on sand.	A dog flies.	contradiction
A man in a black and white jersey is holding yellow ski poles and preparing to take off. A man wearing a blue and white uniform clutching two yellow ski handles. His eyes filled with joyous expectation, a skier prepares for a jump. A smiling athlete in a black and red helmet holding ski poles.	A man racing.	entailment
A person in a long, tan trench coat walks along the sidewalk in front of a stone building. A person with a white coat is walking outside a stone building. A solitary pedestrian walks through the downtown area. A woman walking down the street on the sidewalk.	A woman carries a bag down a street.	entailment
Man wearing sneakers and a gray T-shirt sits on his haunches facing a drum set with electrical cord around him. A musician in a simple gray tee is kneeling in front of his drums on a wooden plank stage. A boy sits facing away from the camera in front of a drum set. A man is sitting in front of his drum set performing.	Guy jumping.	contradiction
An Asian woman, and a small Asian child eating together. A woman and child eating under a row of jack-o-lanterns. A woman and young girl are sitting at a table eating. A woman and a young girl are eating side by side.	An Asian woman enjoying food.	entailment
A local police officer in uniform is ordering a pastry and coffee for his morning breakfast. A police officer, with many items around his waist, is ordering something at a cafe. A police officer is ordering coffee at a shop and has many gadgets strapped to his belt A law enforcement officer looking at food in a cafe.	A policeman standing.	entailment
A man in a black shirt painting a duplicate copy of another painting hanging in an art gallery. This man is looking at a painting, with a brush in his hand. A male paused in thought while painting a picture. A man replicating a painting.	A man using a paintbrush.	entailment
A man in a blue shirt, black jacket, and glasses smiling with his arms crossed. A man wearing glasses, a blue shirt with a black jacket and a smile A smiling man wearing glasses and a leather jacket. A man in a leather coat and glasses smiles.	A man has a rope.	contradiction
An older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street. A man with crutches passes behind a white truck. A man in a blue shirt is walking with crutches. An elderly man with crutches hailing a taxi.	Men sitting with another man standing.	contradiction
A young, blond girl in a fairy outfit is riding a pink and purple tricycle. A small girl dressed in a green fairy costume is riding a big wheel bicycle. A young girl wearing a green fairy costume riding a BigWheels A girl wearing a fairy costume rides a tricycle.	Black boys riding a bike.	contradiction
A brown-haired man wearing jeans, glasses, a pink shirt, and jacket is playing guitar and singing into a microphone. A man in a blue jacket and pink shirt is singing and playing the guitar Two guitarists are performing in front of a gum ball machine. Two men playing a bass and a guitar singing a song.	Two teams playing football.	contradiction
Four people are standing next to a brick wall and the man is holding a sign that reads " Prayer booth " Several young people on a street holding a sign saying " Prayer Booth. " Some people are standing outside a store; one holds a sign. A man holding a prayer sign and standing with young girls.	A small group stands.	entailment
A man in a green shirt, holding a bike in front of him, looking towards an officer talking to several young men. A man in a green shirt is watching a policeman talking to tow other men with skateboards. A man in a green shirt waits while the police question some snowboarders. A man with a weird bike watches a policeman and some skateboarders.	Cooks talk.	contradiction
Three men with guitar-like instruments and a woman perform on a small stage. Four piece band practicing before the nightclub opens. Four men are playing instruments on stage. A four player band plays on stage.	Men play guitar on a boat.	contradiction
An officer in a reflective vest stands at the front of his van with his dog. A trained police dog sits next to his handler in front of the police van. A policeman is standing with a German Shepherd dog. A policeman stops on a street with a search dog.	A man looking for something.	entailment
A lone climber on a snowcapped mountain with several huge mountains in the background. A man is standing looking at the path ahead while hiking in a mountain range. Sole mountain climber stands atop snowy peak looking left. A person with a backpack stands on a snowy mountain.	A man does a dance.	contradiction
The lady in red is sitting in front of the fountain. A woman bends down to the ground and smiles. A girl in red sits near a fountain. A young lady is sitting in a yard.	A woman checking her purse.	neutral
A woman looks up while eating with a spoon out of bowl she is holding in her left hand. A woman in a black shirt is putting a spoon into her mouth. A woman in black spoons food into her mouth from a bowl. A woman in a black shirt is eating.	A woman yawning.	contradiction
Two men are conversing outdoors, while a third looks on. A man in a yellow shirt asking an man a question. Two men are talking while another looks on. Three people are at a park.	A man standing.	entailment
A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool. A man wearing goggles is swimming in a pool. A person with goggles on swimming. The man in the pool is swimming.	A swimmer swimming.	entailment
Two dark colored dogs are walking through the grass both holding a large stick. Two dogs walking through tall grass carrying a tree branch in their mouths. The brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow. Two dogs retrieving a large stick of wood	Two dogs share a toy.	entailment
A man walks on the street with a snow shovel during a snowstorm. Person with shovel walks through snowstorm in front of cafe. A person with red gloves carries a shovel through the snow. A person is carrying a shovel walking down a snowy street.	Someone walking.	entailment
A man who is wearing a black coat is standing behind a camera on a tripod. The photographer has set up his equipment on the blacktop. A man wearing a dark coat is setting up a camera. A man standing while filming.	A man is skiing.	contradiction
Three people sitting at a round table are looking at another man pointing at something written on the wall. A man in a striped shirt explains his proposal to his co-workers. A group of people look on as a man points to a whiteboard. Three people are listening to a lecture.	A man sweating.	neutral
A man is talking into a mic while a woman looks at a book beside him and a kid watches them. Man with black hat, holding microphone next to girl with red hair looking at a book. A kid with a green mohawk looks on as a man and woman talk into a microphone. Man with a microphone interviewing a young woman	A pale man stands.	neutral
A woman is wearing a blue and white striped shirt while sitting. People brooding about their lives in a crowded train A group of people are sitting on a bus. People sit aboard a train or subway.	A man holding a woman's hand.	neutral
A group of people gather on the grass field and throw a pink hoop. A group of people are playing with a large red ring. A group of people in a large yard toss a disc. Men playing with a red ring out in the field.	Children play Frisbee.	neutral
A man is lifting heavy rocks and stacking them on top of one another. A man in a red baseball hat moves rocks in a rock formation. A man is stacking rocks by the waterfront. A man stacking rocks on a busy boardwalk.	A man sitting while talking.	contradiction
Several men are standing on a city street, and one man in a yellow shirt is approaching a silver car. A city street corner with a silver car parked in the street near the buildings. A gray car waits for the light to turn green at an intersection. Some people and a car are at an urban intersection.	Pedestrians walk.	contradiction
A baby is sitting in his highchair between a person 's arms. A baby in a green bib with arms around him. The baby is holding someone 's arm. A baby in a highchair.	A woman holding a bubble.	contradiction
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background. The Army also trained their man and also the man best friend. Two men stand guard as one man walks a dog. Men standing in a field with a dog.	Some men clean.	contradiction
A woman in a headscarf is kneeling on the ground praying. A woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street. A woman is kneeling in the middle of the street. A woman praying to her gods.	Woman rocking out.	contradiction
A man who is wearing only shorts and shoes is standing on rocks with the water below him. A young man in shorts is looking into a stream next to a rock wall. A man is standing by rocks and water and is holding a stick. The man is standing by a creek in blue flannel shorts.	A boy stands.	contradiction
A little girl is making a gesture with her fingers and smiling while a boy laughs in the forefront. A young boy and girl are laughing together as the girl holds up a hand sign. Two children smiling and making funny hand signals. Happy children rocking out and smiling.	A child walking.	neutral
Four hikers are climbing stone steps in a forest area. Four hikers are walking up stairs on a small hill. Backpackers ascend a set of stairs in the woods. The hikers climb the staircase in the woods.	Horses walking.	contradiction
Three children are walking past a parking garage, one of them is on a bike. Two people are walking and one is riding a bike at the edge of a street. A woman gazes across the street from where she is walking. Some young people walk past a garage.	Group walks home.	neutral
A man with a red apron and a white cook 's hat is standing in front of his food cart. A man sells food from a cart on the street while pedestrians walk past. A mobile food station set up to serve patrons on the city streets. People are walking by a food cart in the city.	A vendor standing.	entailment
A man dressed in a polka dot bikini top and skirt performs on a stage with several musicians. A man dressed as a woman is wearing a swimsuit on stage while a band plays in the background. A guy dress in a yellow polka dot bikini stands in front of a band playing music. A spoof drag queen dances on a bands stage.	Man applauds.	neutral
A woman in a flowered dress and a man with a white beard are standing behind an iron guard rail. A smiling older man with a white beard and an older woman look out a laundry laden window. A man and a wife holding back a green curtain and staring out the window ledge. Man and woman looking out a window from behind a green curtain.	A couple smiles.	neutral
A priest is speaking into a microphone within a church, arms open wide. A middle-aged man in a white robe is speaking into a microphone. Father addressing people in a church A priest leads mass to his parish.	Leader holding hands with people.	neutral
Three younger males riding in city transportation passing brick buildings on their right side. Three men are riding on public transportation. Three young men take public transportation. Passengers riding the rail through town.	A guy sitting.	entailment
Two dogs, on standing on the other in the snow. A puppy plays with an adult dog in the snow. Two yellow labs are playing in the snow. Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.	Dog climbing.	neutral
A teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard in an area with much graffiti. A boy with a blue shirt is standing on the railing of a flight of stairs. A boy performs a skateboarding trick down a set of stairs. A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	A skateboarder slides down a handrail.	entailment
Little boy sits in car 's driver 's seat, grabbing the steering wheel. A young boy pretends to drive the car, with his hand on the horn. This small child is sitting behind the steering wheel of a car. A little boy at the steering wheel of a vehicle.	A traveler sits.	contradiction
A woman in a red hat, red sundress, and gossamer wings is wading in a fountain next to parked cars. A woman in a red dress, red hat with butterfly wings walk in an outdoor fountain. A woman in a short red dress and costume wings is walking in a public fountain. A woman in a red dress and fake butterfly wings stands in a fountain.	A woman enjoying the spray.	entailment
A woman wearing a black apron, waves toward the street with one hand while a yellow car drives by. The woman is trying to hail a taxi while cars speed past her. An Asian woman on the side of a road. Lady walking past a driving taxi.	A girl standing.	contradiction
A man wearing an orange hard hat is being lowered down the side of a building. A man working on a safety harness in the sky. A man tied to ropes scaling a building. A worker suspended in the air.	A man hanging by a cable.	entailment
A middle-aged man plays a trumpet illuminated by purple lighting. A man in a beige suit is playing a trumpet into a microphone. An elderly white man is playing a trumpet into a microphone. A trombonist plays music into a microphone.	A black man playing an instrument on a sidewalk.	contradiction
A man is on a laptop indoors saying something while a boy is looking at his computer. Several people gather around a laptop at a table. Two people consult over a problem with a laptop. Three men are having a conversation at a table.	Men jousting.	contradiction
An oriental woman with her fist raised in the air, other oriental people around her, and a black Moped beside her. A lady in a white t-shirt is looking toward the person with their arm raised in the air. A woman wearing a white t-shirt has her right arm extended with her fist closed. Two young girls in a street.	A lady doing a cartwheel.	contradiction
A man in a suit strokes his chin on a deserted street corner. A man in business attire stands a street corner. A man in suit waiting for the green light. A man in a suit by a stoplight.	A man growing.	contradiction
A guy with blond hair is standing on a stage playing a red guitar with the drummer in the background. A man in a blue shirt is singing and playing guitar on a stage in front of a drummer. A blond guy with a red guitar is singing in a band. Chickenfoot plays a musical set on a stage.	Men greeting each other.	contradiction
Two brown-haired men are wearing blue jeans and standing in front of a parked blue semi-truck. Two men exchange hello 's while a truck waits for them to move. Blue semi truck and two gentleman standing in front of it. A bright blue semi truck parked in a square.	A man skateboarding.	contradiction
Two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar. A woman and young girl worship in front of a shrine. Paying respect by praying in the chapel. A family is praying to an ornate statue.	A child kneeling.	entailment
A person is riding a snowboard doing an air stunt over a snowy mound. Someone in white winter clothes is snowboarding through the air. A snowboarder is in the middle of a jump with one hand raised. A snowboarder in white soaring through the air.	A biker flies.	contradiction
Five musicians hold violins while looking up into the camera, which is directly overhead. Five people wearing black and holding musical instruments looking upwards. Five people are holding instruments and looking up into the sky. Five people looking up while holding musical instruments.	A group looking on.	neutral
Two people are looking at a child as one of them is pushing a wheelchair on the sidewalk. A child plays in a box on the side of the street, as people look on and smile. Two people are walking past a girl who is in a card board box on a sidewalk. Small child is hanging out of a box on the sidewalk.	A cowboy walks.	contradiction
Several bike racers zoom horizontally down a street with a motion blurred forest in the background. A pack of racing cyclists speed along a road in the countryside. Several men cycling down a hallway in an event on a sunny day. Cyclists racing down a street.	A group is racing.	entailment
A woman with gloves and a suit on stare at something as a cello player sits in the background. A woman in a suit and gloves is conducting a small orchestra in a bright room. A middle-age woman is conducting a music group in refined surroundings. A gloved, redheaded woman with glasses is conducting an orchestra.	A woman standing.	entailment
A man in a white shirt sings into a microphone as he reads the words on a screen, while a balding man plays the drums. Two guys looking at the screen of a TV while one sings, (presumably) and the other plays a set of big wooden drums. One man is playing the drums while another is singing Karaoke. Two men in a club playing bongos and singing karaoke.	Two men sit talking.	contradiction
The boy wearing the blue shirt is running on the grass between the trees. A boy poses on a shadow-dappled lawn. A boy running through green grass. A child runs through the grass.	A child standing.	contradiction
There is person standing in water and playing with a dog. A person plays with their dog in a shallow pond. A man is playing with a dog in some water. A wet dog and person in a marsh.	A white dog playing in the sand.	contradiction
A man in long plaid shorts and an Easter hat carrying a black bookbag walks with a heavyset woman with pink hair and wearing a hippie style dress walk away from the camera following many other similarly dressed people. A lot of people walking on a dirt road, wearing summer clothes on a sunny day. Concert goers walking towards a festival. A woman wearing a drafty dress.	Many customers walking around.	contradiction
A young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing A little girl is swinging in a baby swing on the playground. A baby swings in a swing near a wooden fence. A baby wearing all white swinging on a swing.	A child rides a swing.	entailment
A man wearing yellow overalls, a hat, and a life jacket, stands in a small boat full of equipment. A man is going fishing on his boat called ' Melanie '. A sailor stands in his small sailboat. A man is alone in a boat in the water.	A fisherman standing.	entailment
A young woman with purple dreads hula-hoops while wearing furry purple leg-warmers and hot blue Nikes. Young hippie girl hula hooping with purple leg warmers and purple hair. A woman with purple hair is playing with a hula hoop. A woman wearing purple leg warmers hula hooping.	A girl pouring water.	contradiction
Two men, both wearing green cycling clothes and helmets, are riding bicycles. Two cyclists, in yellow, are competing in a race. Two professional cyclists competing in a race. Two people cycling in the outdoors.	A man is in a vehicle.	contradiction
A person in a red shirt and a person in a white shirt and tan vest are sitting facing a lake of water. Two people sitting on a tree stump in front of a pond. Two people sitting on a tree stump next to a stream. Two people enjoy the tranquility on a riverbank.	Two children playing football.	contradiction
Guy without a shirt in black pants doing stunts on his skateboard. A shirtless man skateboarding in an area with significant graffiti A shirtless man skateboarding against a wall with graffiti on it. A man skateboards along a skateboard park.	A man doing a grind.	neutral
A man in a black shirt plays the guitar surrounded by drinks. A dad is entertaining his family by playing the guitar. A man sitting at a table playing an acoustic guitar. A man is sitting in a chair playing a guitar.	A man is performing.	entailment
A tall man is standing in a parking lot with his hand raised while a woman carrying paper is looking his way. A man smiles and raises his hand in a parking lot as other stand around. A man gestures to two women while standing in a parking lot. Woman carrying notebooks looking at a man in a parking lot.	Men having food.	contradiction
A person wearing jeans and a dark blue shirt down on one knee on the concrete floor. A man is working to pull an unknown object from a hole drilled in the pavement. Man putting up a tile in the ground. Man doing repairs to brick.	A man bends down to fix something.	entailment
Two children and two adults in front of a run down home somewhere in the southwest that has spray pained pictures of people on horses on the walls. A group of people sitting outside of a house with a painting of a cowboy in a red shirt on the side. People stand and sit on a bench in front of a building with drawings on it. Two women and two children are painting the exterior walls of a house.	A man riding a horse.	contradiction
Man with long blond hair playing red electric guitar. A man with long blond hair playing a red guitar Person with blond flyaway hair playing guitar A man rocks out on stage with his guitar.	A long-haired man playing an instrument.	entailment
Young women enjoying the view from the bridge at local festival. Group of tourist 's mostly women having fun on a bridge. A family of six enjoying their time out being silly. Tourists on a bridge pose for a photograph.	A woman looking at pictures.	contradiction
The boy is wearing a hat and holding sandals. A child in blue and wearing a hat smiles. A young boy smiling and holding sandals. A child holding some shoes.	A boy sitting.	entailment
A man crosses his arms in front of his chest while standing in front of a turntable where a DJ is playing. An African American man wearing a blue shirt and jeans is standing in front of a DJ station. A smiling man with his arms crossed is listening to a giant boom box. Man looks at old school boom box.	A man gambling.	contradiction
Three people with backs to camera walk across a beach towards a line of palm trees Two men and one women walk on the sand of a beach. Three beach goers leave the beach on a sunny day. Three people are walking on a beach.	Boys walk.	contradiction
A little girl in blue jeans and a multicolored apron is inside, looking at a flower. A little girl in a striped smock and blue jeans playing with a flower. Small girl in a colorful shirt looking at a flower in a living room. A little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower.	A child standing.	neutral
People that are in a wooded area where a man with cooler and women with a blanket appear to be going on a picnic. A group of three individuals, one man and two women are attending an event. A woman and a man carrying a pink cooler. A crowd of people walking outside.	A man talking.	contradiction
An Asian man rides a horse and performs a gesture while extending a sword from his right hand. A contestant in horseback swordfighting- the crowd looks on. A man riding a horse in some sort of Chinese dueling sport. A man riding a horse while holding a sword.	A man riding a white animal.	entailment
Young child in pink top and purple pants clutching a turquoise guard rail. A female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground. A little girl in pink and purple stands on a playground. The little girl is playing at the playground.	A child walking down a beach.	contradiction
A street performer is standing on his head on a brick street in front of a crowd while he is being filmed in front of a red telephone box. A young man breakdancing on a cobblestone road with many people watching him. Young man breakdancing on a sidewalk in front of a crowd of people. A crowd forms to watch as a man breakdances in the street.	A dancer twirls.	entailment
A man in a blue shirt and jeans appears to be sleeping on a chair outside of a building next to an orange safety cone and a sign that says, " OUVERT. " A young man sleeps in front of a blue door and behind an orange cone bearing a sign that says, " Ouvert ". A Man on a chair with a short-sleeve shirt and jeans and rain boots. A young man is napping at work on a chair outside the door.	Asian men rest.	contradiction
A group of four people, probably family members, are eating at a restaurant. A man in a black hat and glasses is dining with three others in a restaurant. Four adults sitting at a table eating a meal Four people dine at a restaurant.	Some diners sitting.	entailment
A young boy, wearing an orange shirt, is standing outside, while a man in a green shirt pours mulch from a bag. A young child wearing an orange shirt is standing in a garden while an adult is pouring mulch from a bag. A young toddler smiling at the camera while standing in the garden. A child in an orange shirt standing on mulch.	A man does some work.	contradiction
An Asian man rides a horse and performs a gesture while extending a sword from his right hand. A contestant in horseback swordfighting- the crowd looks on. A man riding a horse in some sort of Chinese dueling sport. A man riding a horse while holding a sword.	A man riding a white animal in front of a group.	entailment
Several people in a group are sitting and laughing together. A group of people sitting down and having a good time. A group of young people excited in a group gathering. A group of friends cheering at the TV.	College students sitting.	entailment
Two people are standing on sidewalk in front of a large building. A man crouches down and a little girl stops on the sidewalk. A man crouches on the sidewalk next to a little girl. A man bends down to speak to a little girl.	A man talks.	entailment
An old gentleman plays music on the street for money with a young boy by his side. A man and a boy playing an instrument for spare change on a sidewalk. A man playing an instrument seated next to a boy on the street. A man playing a musical instrument beside a boy on a street.	A man and two woman sitting.	contradiction
A man wearing a black shirt is carrying a bag of ice in each hand. A man carrying bags is walking through a door into a house. A man holding two bags of ice enters a house. The man is holding two heavy bags of ice.	A guy coming inside.	contradiction
An Indian man with a hairy chest and red eyes is sitting alone. A man wearing a red, gray and blue shirt and a hat. An elderly gentleman pauses for a photograph. This man is wearing a white cap or hat.	A man looking at the camera.	entailment
A girl wearing a colorful hat sits on a woven mat. A young woman is making rugs in the rain forest A woman in a red hat sits on a rug. A woman sitting in a hut.	A child sitting.	contradiction
Two men trading a sausage link with each other via mouth. Two men kissing with a sausage in their mouths. Two guys playing a game at a bachelor party. Two gay guys having fun with a wiener	A man standing on rocks.	contradiction
Two men are competing in a martial arts tournament and one of them is receiving what appears to be a powerful roundhouse kick from the other. A young man blocks a kick during a sparring match, while judges stand by. Man kicking another man in the face in a karate competition. There are two young guys in a martial arts tournament.	Two men pose for a picture.	contradiction
A police woman riding on a brown horse next to a man in a black jacket. A man is talking to a mounted policeman outside a stadium. A policeman on a horse surrounded by onlookers. A man talks to a mounted policeman.	An employee stands.	neutral
Pedestrians walk on a sidewalk next to a grassy, wooded field. Young adults dressed casually walk around in a field. People meandering around in a grassy area with trees. People are walking around a park area.	A man walks away.	neutral
Groom wearing black and gray tux and bride wearing a white dress are being sprinkled with flowers. A newly wedded couple pose for a picture while an unseen man fiddles with the groom 's hair. A bride and groom stand outside a building. A man and woman smile after being wed.	A man holding the hand.	neutral
A man dressed in a vest, hat, and red striped shirt is dancing with a woman dressed in vibrant, multiple colors. Two men are speaking too a woman outside, there are trees around them and a building in the background. A woman, wearing a patchwork dress and holding a handkerchief in her left hand, saying good bye. A greeting between old friends.	A man arrives.	neutral
A tennis player is running on the court with his racquet in his hand. A man with a tennis racket goes for the ball. A male tennis player runs for a shot. A tennis player runs for the ball.	A man playing a game.	entailment
A man on a brown horse is preparing to lasso a bull, while another man on a white horse corrals the bull. Two male cowboys are riding a horse trying to rope a black cafe. Two men in cowboy hats on top of horses are roping a calf. Two men on stallions perform lassoing a small black calf.	Animals trying to catch an animal.	contradiction
A woman with a red purse is looking out from a stone deck over the ocean. A lady wearing a long green sweater is looking over at the ocean A woman looks out at a body of water, past a stone wall. A woman with a red purse is looking at the ocean.	A woman leans over.	entailment
Several street performers beat tribal drums and dance while wearing matching white and red garb. A group of women dressed in white are dancing in the street. A group of street drummers play while some onlookers dance. Many people dancing while others play the conga drums.	Some men playing various instruments.	entailment
Man in striped polo shirt looks on as a man suspended on a swing cleans the windows of a skyscraper. A man sitting next to a window where a window cleaner is cleaning the outside, suspended on ropes. A man sitting inside looking at the window washer outside. A man is washing windows.	A gentleman watches.	entailment
College students sitting on the floor cheering for something. Several people in a group are sitting and laughing together. A group of young people excited in a group gathering. A group of friends cheering at the TV.	Teens having a good time.	neutral
A group of five dark-skinned people sitting at what looks to be a farmer 's market right behind a fruit that is green and spiky. There are people sitting around a market area with green fruit in the front drop. A group of Asian sitting and eating in the middle of a market. An elderly woman cutting fruit at a market.	A group of men sitting and talking.	neutral
This is the image of six Asian children with tambourines. A group of six Asian children playing tambourines. A number of cute Asian children playing tambourines Asian children play tambourine.	Two children standing.	neutral
A motorcyclist wearing blue jeans is riding his red motorcycle. A person on a red street bikes rides through the parking lot. Riding a red motorcycle, with appropriate equipment. A motorcyclist gets moving.	Cyclist driving a motorbike.	entailment
Several young boys and girls jumping on a trampoline outdoors. A group of girls jumping and reclining on a trampoline. Multiple people are jumping up and down on a trampoline People are jumping in a trampoline.	A group holding hands.	contradiction
A young woman in a yellow shirt is walking down the street. A woman in a yellow shirt is walking past a yellow SUV. A woman in a yellow shirt is waling down the sidewalk. A woman in a yellow shirt walking by a parking lot.	An African American woman walks.	neutral
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a white shirt are standing together, with some sort of tent behind them, and stuffed animals on the ground behind the man in the white shirt. A man in a yellow shirt asking an man a question. Two men are talking while another looks on. Three people are at a park.	Men conversing outdoors.	entailment
A man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball. The young man dives on the field during a sporting event. A sports player on a field lying face down on the grass. Three men on a field.	Players running.	neutral
Dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them. The dancers show great precision and balance with outstretched arms. Seven dancers in white outfits performing on a black stage. A group of women doing ballet on stage	A group dancing.	entailment
A group of three men in white shirts stand near a police van while a man in a black jacket with a white stripe sits on the curb. A man with an injured arm watches three policemen as one addresses the police van driver and two others walk away from the van. The police are on the scene of what ever happened, with a handcuffed man. A police vehicle in an urban area.	Men talking.	entailment
Two child boxers fight to the death in Mexico for blood money. Two boys are participating in a boxing match. Two young boys in blue shorts kickboxing. Two young boys practice Kick-boxing.	Boys sparring.	entailment
A small crowd of people sitting at tables and consuming food or beverages while others are standing or walking. People sitting and walking along a sidewalk cafe just off the dock. People gather on a dock and drink beers. People drinking beer on a doc.	A girl standing.	contradiction
A group of people are dressed in multicolored clothes while performing an act. A group of men wearing colorful clothing twirl batons in unison. A troupe of dancers performs in a parade. Blue clad jugglers march in a parade.	A group doing a dance.	entailment
There are three men on horses, 2 with red shirts, and the third with a white shirt is getting bucked off while people spectate. Three men on horses, one of them with his legs up in the air is being bucked off his horse. Two men on horses look on as another man is bucked off the back of his horse. Two men on horseback watch as another man is thrown from his bucking horse.	Three men riding animals.	entailment
Two young adults of opposite gender are playing music, the boy is on the drums and the female is singing. A woman singing with a man and drums in the background. A male drummer and a female singer at a performance. A girl is standing in front of a microphone singing.	A woman with brown hair singing.	neutral
Two moped enthusiasts, one of which is wearing a purse, have a conversation on the curb. Two men sit on a sidewalk with their helmets in front of a Vespa scooter. Two men with helmets sit in front of their scooter. Two men sit on a curb in front of a moped.	Woman sitting down.	contradiction
Two women, dressed in light clothing and both wearing sunglasses, walk in a partially shaded area. Two young women are holding a conversation while walking through a grass covered area. Two women wearing sunglasses are walking next to each other and talking. Two women wearing white are walking.	Women stroll.	entailment
The Asian girl behind the fruit stand is having a surprised look to a camera. A young village girl is making a funny face while buying goods at a market. The woman with the hat is selling some fruits and root crops. Surprised girl at a fruit stand.	A woman holding another woman's hand.	contradiction
A young woman with a shopping bag is crouched on a cobbled sidewalk petting a small brown and white puppy. A girl in a white shirt with a shopping bag stops on the street to feed a puppy. A brown-haired girl stoops to pick up a small white puppy on an empty street. A young woman stoops to feed a small dog on a brick-paved street.	A child plays with a small puppy.	entailment
A child is smiling while getting his picture taken in the winter while wearing snowshoes. A boy, wearing black and blue snowsuit and snowshoes, lying down in the snow. A boy with snowshoes on is sitting in the snow and smiling. A boy in snow clothes and snowshoes is sitting in the snow.	A kid laying on his back.	neutral
A person wearing jeans and a dark blue shirt down on one knee on the concrete floor. A man is working to pull an unknown object from a hole drilled in the pavement. A man bends down on a stone surface, fixing something. Man doing repairs to brick.	Man putting up a tile.	neutral
A man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree. A person wearing a purple helmet is snowboarding down a hillside. A snowboarder kicking up snow under a tree on a mountain. An individual is skiing or snowboarding	A woman skiing.	contradiction
An African American woman donning a black t-shirt with the text " your daily cup " works behind the counter of a coffee shop. A black woman wearing a " your daily cup " t-shirt and making espresso. A woman makes coffee at a coffee shop. A lady is working making coffee.	A woman using a pen.	contradiction
A large group of girls dressed in blue and silver outfits is standing on the bleachers. Cheerleaders in sparkling blue uniforms stand and sit in the stands of a sports game. Cheerleaders in blue waiting in the stands. A group of girls in blue outfits.	A team cheering.	entailment
A group of friends sit around a table in front of a flat screen TV. A blond woman pours wine for people while they watch TV. Several people are sitting at a table drinking wine. A woman pours wine and watches TV.	Men drink beverage.	neutral
Five children wearing hats are playing in the mud on the beach. In a marsh type area, four small boys are digging in the mud. Children act silly as they stand on a beach in wet sand. Kids are playing in an oceanic tidal flat.	A group of children poses for a picture.	contradiction
A black and white dog jumps over another black and white dog to catch a cloth Frisbee. A black and white dog is jumping up to catch a toy as another dog watches. A black and white dog leaps for a flying disc while another one watches. The white dog with black spots is catching a red Frisbee.	Two dogs pee on a hydrant.	contradiction
A man hiking in the wilderness giving the camera a thumbs up. Man standing in the midst of plants is giving two thumbs up. A man in a blue shirt is hiking through green foliage. A man in a blue shirt hikes through a nature trail.	Men visiting.	contradiction
A girl wearing a black shirt and glasses is sitting in the back of a vehicle with her eyes closed. A woman with glasses lays her head back in a car with her eyes closed. A woman in a black shirt with glasses is resting in a vehicle. A woman sleeps in the back of a car.	A woman has a necklace.	neutral
Very blue water with skyscraper buildings on the shore and a group of people in a canoes with paddles. Five people are paddling a kayak in the ocean with the city behind them. A group of people rowing in a boat near a city. People row in a crew boat.	A man lying down.	contradiction
A man wearing a red shirt is shown among other men in the background talking to each other. Several people with baggage, lost looks on their faces, and comfortable. A group of men are at a college fair carrying white bags and backpacks. People are gathered at a business conference.	An old man walking down a path.	contradiction
A man performs a trick on a yellow bike in a skate park covered in graffiti. A lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp. The bicyclist has both wheels off the ground. A bicyclist doing a jump.	A biker flying through the air.	entailment
Man in black walking in front of a hotel with road construction in front of it. A man in all black is walking past a pink hotel. Road cones are set up in front of a red hotel. A man walking past a reddish hotel building.	A man holding a microphone.	neutral
A man wearing a black shirt and jeans kneels in front of a woman with blond and blue streaked hair in knee high buckled platform boots. A boy is leaning down in front of a girl with blue striped hair in a subway station. Young man kneeling in front of a young girl who has blond hair and blue stripes. The girl with the blue streaked hair has very thick-soled shoes.	A woman standing near a man.	contradiction
People in colorful, multicolored costumes hold hands during a street parade. People dressed up in festive costumes and holding hands. People are wearing bright colored costumes. Very colorful people dancing in a parade.	Women doing homework.	contradiction
People standing in front of watermelons on side of the street. People at a marketplace selling watermelons. People stand around a bin of watermelons. Watermelons for sale in an Asian market.	Men carrying an infant.	contradiction
A man is tossing an onion in the air as he prepares to slice it. A young man is tossing an onion in the air as he cooks. A man is tossing an onion in the air in the kitchen. Man tossing an onion in the kitchen.	A casually dressed man sitting.	contradiction
Two people wearing brightly colored protective headgear are in a swimming pool with very choppy water and the person in the foreground has a hand on a yellow and blue ball which is approximately the size of a basketball. Two competitors, one with number thirteen on his headgear, are at battle in a large swimming pool. Two people playing with a volleyball in a pool. Two people are swimming in a pool with a ball.	Men play a sport.	entailment
A man in blue holds a microphone and stands next to another man in blue with an orange wristband in front of a large speaker. A man in a blue shirt and black hoodie is watching another man, in a blue shirt, do something with electronic equipment. Two men are standing under a tent, trying to adjust the music controls. Two men are performing a sound check.	A band performing at a show.	entailment
A man with a multicolored shirt is standing beside a white party tent. A man in a colorful t-shirt is standing at an outside food stall. A guy in a green and pink shirt stands near a grill by a boat. Several people are at an outdoor event near a tent.	A chef preparing food on a grill.	entailment
A white-haired man in a tailcoat stands in front of an orchestra, holding a thin blue package. After a great performance, man experiences a standing ovation after receiving an award. A Concert master receiving standing applause for a great performance. Symphony director smiling while the musicians look on.	A conductor standing.	entailment
Dressed in high-waisted blue jeans, boots and a blue shirt with a gold " B " on the front is talking on the phone. A man with a uniform is standing and using his cellular phone. A man with a book is leaning on a pole in the sidewalk. A man talking on his cellphone on the street.	A coach talking.	contradiction
A man in a white shirt is metal detecting, while two other men watch. Three men at the beach drink beer and use a metal detector. The young men are having a good time at the beach. Three men on a beach with a metal detector.	A group of guys walking.	entailment
A man in pink t-shirt is singing a song A man in a tight pink shirt singing. A man dressed as a woman singing. Performer performing on stage.	A singer singing.	entailment
Two women are outside and one woman is wearing an apron looking into a black machine. Two women in front of a white building, one putting something in an oven. A woman working with a machine and another woman looking to her left. A woman checks for food while another waits for something else.	A vendor tending a stand.	neutral
A man wearing a green and golden yellow baseball cap appears to have thrown the baseball. A man wearing a green shirt, standing on a pitcher 's mound has just thrown a ball. A baseball pitcher wearing a green uniform throws a pitch. A guy in a baseball uniform throwing a pitch.	A pitcher leaning over.	entailment
Three girls are sitting in a car and smiling back at the camera which is in the backseat looking towards the front of the car. Three women look back at the camera that 's in the rear seat of a van as the driver drives down the road. Three women in a vehicle are looking back and smiling. Group of people in car looking back at camera.	A woman gazes.	entailment
A young woman is jumping on a stage with her legs and arms spread wide. A dancer, with both arms and both legs spread, leaps into the air. A female dancer does a center leap across a stage. A girl jumps while dancing on stage.	A performer leaps.	entailment
A woman with long hair and a black shirt washes the dishes. A Hispanic woman is washing her dishes with a sponge. A woman washes dishes in her kitchen. A lady in black washing dishes.	A woman cutting vegetables.	contradiction
A vendor, selling such kid-friendly items as popular cartoon balloons, water guns and clear umbrellas, wheels his stand around in the streets where he is selling. A street vendor next to a stall of umbrellas and inflatable animals. A vendor sells souvenirs and trinkets on a busy street. Black man sells various toys in the street.	Vendor rests.	neutral
Five young men huddle around a fire outside where it is snowy and cold. Skiers and snowboarders warm themselves by the fire while they talk. A group of friends around a fire protected with a metallic mesh. People trying to get warm.	Some men stand.	entailment
A man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air. Man jumping with a rock formation in background. A man jumps in the middle of a rocky desert. A man in an orange hat jumping.	A man kneeling down.	contradiction
Three people, two women and one man, crowd around a grill outside. Two women and a man stand around a barbecue. A man and two women standing around a grill. Three people standing around a barbecue talking	People are cooking out.	entailment
A young man is in a dirt field walking with a stick in his hands. A shirtless boy is walking down the beach holding a large branch. A shirtless boy walks with a stick across his left shoulder. This is a young boy on a beach holding a stick.	A man looks out a large window.	contradiction
Dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them. The dancers show great precision and balance with outstretched arms. Seven dancers in white outfits performing on a black stage. A group of women doing ballet on stage	Performers dancing.	entailment
A bunch of people are walking down a paved street while a man is looking at something. A group of people walking outside a theme park in the middle of the day. Many people are walking in the street carrying tote bags with them. Various people are walking outside on a warm day.	A man reads.	neutral
A rock star holding a guitar with butterfly decorations in the background and singing at the top of her lungs. Female musician pauses her guitar playing to enjoy a moment during a performance. Woman expressively playing an electric guitar in front of a microphone. A female musician with guitar is singing.	A performer singing and playing under a spotlight.	entailment
Several dancers on stage with nice lighting and red, black, and white costumes. Four people dancing on a stage wearing a red scarf around their waists. Three dancers wearing red sashes perform on a darkened stage. Dancers perform on stage.	Dogs moving.	contradiction
A black-haired woman behind a podium is giving a speech to a large crowd. A female speaker is speaking to a large crowd of people under a tent. A woman speaking to a group of people on a microphone. A white woman is giving a speech under a tent.	Two women standing outdoors.	neutral
A woman is sitting on the road next to her bicycle. A female with her bicycle sits on the concrete. A woman sitting on the ground at a marina. A woman at a beach with a bike.	Lady digging.	contradiction
The skateboarder is balancing himself and his skateboard on the edge of a brick wall. A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard. A skateboarder is balancing on a brick wall. A guy skateboarding on the side of steps.	A skater doing tricks.	entailment
A man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar. This is guy is singing to people on stage while playing his brown guitar. A male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone. A man singing and playing guitar with his eyes closed.	Men playing frisbee in the woods.	contradiction
The woman has a light green blouse with yellow flowers on it. A woman is making funny faces while pushing a cart. The woman is wearing a flower printed shirt. A woman in a floral blouse purses her lips.	A woman with sunglasses walking.	neutral
A woman standing outside next to a car looking up at a man leaning over a balcony. A woman in an orange shirt is looking up at a man standing on a balcony. Colored man on a high balcony speaking to colored woman on the street. An African American male converses with a woman from a balcony.	A man blowing bubbles.	contradiction
Group of people gathered in meeting like setting with food sitting in front of them. Workers enjoy coffee and treats at conference table. People gather around a yellow conference table. Food is being served at a meeting.	A group collects garbage.	contradiction
Four young girls, one of which is wearing a skirt, or standing at the beach while an older adult looks on. A girl with glasses is joined by her family on the beach. Young women chat after a stroll along the beach line. Four girls on the beach on a cool summer night.	A woman is surfing.	contradiction
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass. Two dogs run around together in the field. Two dogs running through high grass. Two dogs are running in a field.	Dogs greet each other.	neutral
A soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot. Man gets dog dung inside his right shoe and has to disqualify for the finals. A man is walking across a soccer field dressed in red and white. There is a man walking that seems depressed.	A man is walking past vehicles.	neutral
A guy singing on stage with a cool black shirt, while turning his microphone to the audience so they can sing along. A man on stage with a microphone in front of an audience. A man in a black shirt points a microphone at a crowd. A man on stage as people watch him and wave arms.	A man laughing.	contradiction
Two brown dogs wearing orange collars are running through some tall grass, one carrying an orange item. A dog is carrying a red toy in its mouth running in a field of brown grass next to a second dog. Two brown dogs running through a field with a red toy Two grayish brown dogs play with an orange toy.	A bull running.	contradiction
Four bearded men sit at a table in a restaurant, the table has plates and glasses on it, and the men are all looking towards the photographer. Four bearded men having their picture took at a dinner table. Four bearded men sitting in a restaurant smile at the camera. Four bearded men eat a table at a restaurant.	Men drinking.	neutral
A casually dressed woman is walking in a semi busy suburban town. A woman with sunglasses is walking on the sidewalk. A woman in a black tank top walks down the street. Two people walking outside in a downtown area.	A brunette standing.	neutral
A girl wearing a green scarf and blue jeans is lifting her leg in the air. A girl kicking a small ball on the beach and her dog. Little girl kicking rocks on the beach with her dog. Girl on the beach walking her dog.	A dog stands.	entailment
Three women in yellow polo shirts are sitting and smiling at a round wooden table with three purses and a water bottle on it. Three young ladies in yellow uniform are taking a break at a small table. Three women wearing yellow shirts are smiling at the camera. Three women in yellow shirts sit at a table.	A woman fans herself.	neutral
A group of young men dressed in formal attire are standing outside of a marble building. There is a group of young men huddled in a circle, seemingly singing. A black man in a tux surrounded by five other men behind a metal gate. Six formally-dressed black men stand at a railing near a fire exit.	Men stand next to a fence.	entailment
Four individuals are sitting on a railing in front of a white marble building with a window. Four people are sitting on a rail all with their backs facing forward. A group of four people sitting on a stone wall. Four people are sitting on the wall.	Three women sitting.	neutral
A group of people gather under a screened in and roofed area. A group of people sit on a bench, waiting for the bus. People observe animals in a covered exhibit at the zoo. People sit on benches.	A mom taking a picture.	contradiction
One very fat sumo wrestler wrestles with a thinner wrestler while an umpire dressed in green watches. Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators. Two sumo wrestlers fight in the ring as people watch. Two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match	A fighter jumping.	neutral
An older woman wearing sunglasses is looking through her purse in a crowded marketplace. An elderly Asian couple looks at the wares of a street vendor. An elderly woman going through her purse on a busy street. An Asian man and woman on a crowded street.	Men in a group watch.	contradiction
A group of soccer players are grabbing on to each other as they go for the ball. Two teams playing against each other in soccer. Two soccer teams on the field playing soccer. Soccer players playing a soccer game.	A man kneeling down.	neutral
The little ballerinas are all wearing white bows, dresses and leggings. A group of little girls perform a recital on stage dressed in all white. Group of ballerinas in white tutus get ready to dance Young girl ballerinas in white tutus on a stage.	Boys race each other.	contradiction
Two golden dogs are chewing a white cushion on a wooden patio. Two dogs fight over a bag on a wooden deck. Two dogs are fighting over a plastic bag. Two brown dogs fight over some cloth.	Men playing with two dogs.	contradiction
Several people congregate at an umbrella topped table just outside of a shop named DAHLAK. A group of people standing under an umbrella at a coffee table. Stopping at a table with umbrella on a city sidewalk. A group of people standing around a table outside.	A child stands.	neutral
Three UNO cards in reds and yellows in the foreground, with a young boy holding additional cards in the background. A small boy holding a hand of cards with Uno cards in the foreground. A boy and a person off-camera playing a card game. The boy is playing UNO.	A boy sitting on a boat.	contradiction
There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag. A family with a baby, the father is wearing a save the children sign. A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water. Indian couple holding child near riverbank.	A mother carrying a child.	entailment
A tattooed man pouring beer out of a bottle into a young man 's mouth. A tattooed man pours a beer into the mouth of a thin blond man. A tattooed man on a stage pours beer into another man 's mouth. Man serving another man a beer without using a cup.	Two men drinking outside.	entailment
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave. A woman, in a blue and black wetsuit, is water boarding. A woman surfer on a white surfboard riding a large wave A girl in a black and blue wetsuit is surfing.	A woman waterskiing.	contradiction
A woman, carrying several multicolored buckets together, is poking boulders at the water 's edge. A girl scratches rocks with a stick while holding a red bucket. A Caucasian female exploring rocks while collecting specimens. A woman is crouched, examining rocks at a shoreline.	A woman looks at the ground.	entailment
Older gentleman in a red coat and black and white polka dot scarf. An elderly gentleman very smartly dressed. An old man stands in front of a doorway. Old man with a black coat and hat.	A guy grinding.	contradiction
A group of friends sit together for a picture in their bathing suits. Group poses for a picture in swimsuits while sitting on a hammock. A group of people in bathing suits pose for a picture. Friends pose for a group picture in summer clothing.	Group of man and women sitting.	neutral
A group of tents sit in front of a hill with a person standing outside the most prominent one. A collection of blue tents, one of which says " Exodus ", are set up in a lush landscape. A woman in a blue shirt is standing by a blue tent. Blue tents in the country next to a hill	Someone standing.	entailment
A man and a woman sit on a couch and look at each other while three other men stand by. A small group of people standing while two sit on the couch. A group of five young adults lounging indoors. There are four men and one woman.	A couple sitting.	entailment
A bearded man wearing a black cap, a black short-sleeve shirt, and blue pants is carrying a bag with a Union Jack pattern and walking past the Mooch Art art gallery in Manchester, Great Britain. A person with a black hat and a union jack bag walks on a sidewalk passed an old stone building, the green-framed windows of which say " mooch art. " A man with a Union Jack bag walks briskly past two windows with the words " Mooch Art " on them. A man carries a bag with a British flag pattern on it.	A pedestrian walking.	entailment
A man wearing a black shirt is carrying a bag of ice in each hand. A man carrying bags is walking through a door into a house. A man holding two bags of ice enters a house. The man is holding two heavy bags of ice.	Men looking at each other.	contradiction
A mountaineer in a red parka digs his two ice axes and crampons into a frozen wall of ice. A man using ice picks hiking up a mountain. Man in red jacket climbing ice face. Man in red coat climbing ice.	Two children playing on the floor.	contradiction
Dressed in high-waisted blue jeans, boots and a blue shirt with a gold " B " on the front is talking on the phone. A man with a book is leaning on a pole in the sidewalk. A man talking on his cellphone on the street. This gentleman is talking on the phone.	A man using his cellular phone.	entailment
A large group of people are standing in line down a red carpet with hands folded over in prayer. Young men are attending a religious ceremony in a fancy building. A line of people are praying together in a church. The men bow their heads in prayer in the temple.	A group gathers.	entailment
Two people, one in gray and one in white, sitting on a bench by a walking path looking over a field at a forest during autumn. Two men sitting on a bench between two trees overlooking an Autumn landscape. Two men wearing hats are sitting on a bench in a park in the Fall. A couple is sitting on a bench with a scenic view.	A couple having a conversation.	entailment
The trumpeter played in front of the microphone in a soft light. A curly-haired man in a suit plays the trumpet sideways. A man in a suit plays a trumpet into a microphone. Guy in a suit playing the trumpet.	Men playing with a ball on a field.	contradiction
The bridesmaids in purple surround the bride and groom with the groomsmen in the rear. This wedding photo shows the wedding party, in purple and white, gathered outside. A wedding photo, the bridesmaids in purple, all of the groomsmen jumping. Bridal party posing in a park area.	A group poses for a picture.	entailment
A man playing a guitar in the fog around other musical instruments on stage. A middle-aged guitar player is on stage playing a white electric guitar. A guy wearing a white shirt is playing a white guitar. A man in a dimly lit room playing a guitar.	A man standing in front of a microphone.	neutral
An oriental child of approximately three years of age is blowing on a toy and she is wearing green bracelets. Young girl wearing white holding colorful paper by her mouth. The little Asian girl has fun with party favors. An Asian child blowing on a party favor.	A small child playing with a toy.	entailment
A woman in a gray dress and high heels holding a baby in a pink dress while staring out a glass sliding door. A mother holding her sleeping baby is looking outside through the glass patio doors. A woman is holding her young girl as she looks out the window. A mother holding her sleeping baby.	A child smiles.	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt in front of a sign written in an Asian language. A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt smile while walking next to cars. An oriental man and woman walk smiling past signs and automobiles A Japanese man and woman are walking past a green car.	A couple walks hand in hand.	entailment
The woman sings into the microphone while the two men accompany her on a keyboard and guitar. A woman is singing on stage, with a man playing a guitar and a man playing a keyboard. A lady wearing a butcher 's apron is singing on a stage while her band plays behind her A trio is singing and playing keyboard and guitar.	A crowd sitting.	contradiction
Two women with dark hair are standing together outside of a bus. Two women are standing next to a bus. Two women standing outside of a bus. Two women stand in front of a bus.	A group stands.	entailment
A group of eight dancer both male and female dressed in casual shirts and pants are seen jumping in midair. A group of people are completing a move with their heads slightly lowered and their arms bent and up. A troupe of dancers is in the middle of a jump on a stage. Several people are jumping in the air together on a stage.	Performers standing.	entailment
A group of young men are carrying ladders and wearing tool pouches as they work on a house project. A man wearing a red hat while holding a ladder with a man in a brown hat looking at him. A man about to carry a small stool through a door. Four men waiting in an area, holding ladders.	A man standing playing a guitar.	contradiction
A young child wearing a pink dress, playing with a blue sandal. A child decorates a shoe with colorful sticks. A black child posing for a photo. A child in a pink dress outside.	Some children compete.	neutral
A men 's track meet with eight competitors, every other runner wearing orange. Racers are just beginning a race in an international competition. Racers from various countries run fast in a track competition. Eight men in different colored gear are racing on a track.	Drivers coming around a curve.	contradiction
A city street of Tudor-style buildings, with shops on the ground floor, featuring five window washers on ladders. Five men are washing windows of alpine style buildings on five ladders. Men standing on ladders repairing the windows of a building. Five workers on ladders working on windows.	A man breakdancing.	contradiction
A woman with a crossbody black purse is walking near a stairway with silver railing. A woman standing by a rail and a man 's reflection. A woman standing wearing gray holding a black bag. A woman standing with a gray jacket.	A man walking down a street with his hands in his pocket.	contradiction
A man in a sport coat is taking a picture in an Asian city. An older Asian man taking a picture on a city street A man aiming a camera at something above a street. Man in sports jacket taking picture.	A man has a hat.	neutral
Spectators dressed in bright colored clothing watch as man dressed in white pants and barefoot blows a ball of fire. A shirtless man in white pants is breathing fire in front of spectators in Indian style clothing. A half naked man in ethnic dress is breathing fire. The man is blowing fire for a large group of people	A man manning a boat.	contradiction
An aging man contemplates his life as it passes him by. An elderly man with a cane is out shopping. Man in a red vest walks with a cane. Pedestrians in a shaded walkway	Three men face another man.	contradiction
Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard. Many women wearing garments that cover the head. Muslim women talking in a marketplace. Group of women with headscarves.	A group gathered outside a building.	entailment
Two girls, one with an umbrella and the other in a swimsuit, run through a fountain. Two young girls are running through a fountain. Two little girls are playing in the fountains. Two little girls play in a fountain.	A child plays with a ball outside.	contradiction
A large group of people are watching something, screaming, and taking pictures. A group of people smiling and dancing in a huddle group together. Adoring girls watch the singer at the concert. A crowd of girls at a concert.	A group standing.	neutral
A restaurant is very busy and full of many customers, while a piano is barely visible to the right side of the photo. Many people sit and socialize in groups inside a restaurant. There are many people sitting in a dimly lit room talking. People sitting in a dim restaurant eating.	A group gathered around a booth.	entailment
A cathedral overlooks a river which is spanned by a traffic bridge and traveled upon by small craft. A small boat carrying at least one passenger floats in the water near a dock around sunset. Two people occupy a small boat in a river with a cityscape in the background. A person floating on a river near a metropolitan area.	A man rowing a boat.	neutral
A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk. A girl in a pink skirt runs holding a her sister. A girl in a pink dress carries a younger girl. Two young girls embrace on the sidewalk.	A child holding a child.	entailment
Customers populate a candy store with a sign overhead encouraging them to take a number. People wait in line at the deli, deciding what to buy. People are looking at the counter. People shop in a crowded store	A group standing.	entailment
Most ride motorbikes in the area but one must be very careful. Several people are riding motorcycles down a narrow street. Three people riding motorcycles down the street. People riding motorbikes down the street.	A group is heading out.	entailment
Two girls, a brunette dressed like a mermaid and a blond in a green shirt stand on the sidewalk holding informational cards. Two women in costume, one dressed as a mermaid, the other as a fairy, are handing out brochures. Two women holding cards are promoting a business in the street. Two ladies in costumes pass out pamphlets.	Women staring at something.	contradiction
Girl in tank top and pants swinging on a log swing. A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log. A girl is swinging on a piece of wood. A young girl playing on a log swing.	Boys cook.	contradiction
Two men work together to interview a seated man in a large theater. Three men in an auditorium prepare to tape something. Man gives an interview in a nearly empty theater. Two men interviewing another on camera.	Three men sitting.	entailment
A chef in white talks to guests about various tomato varieties over a display table of tomatoes and sauces. A woman inspects a variety of fruits and vegetables on a small table. A chef explains different varieties of Tomatoes to consumers. A man in a white chef 's jacket presenting tomatoes.	A man displaying a basket of food.	neutral
A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant. A couple sits at a cramped table in a busy restaurant. A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant. A couple sits at a table for lunch in a mall.	Man is lifting a bucket.	contradiction
An older Asian man wearing a straw hat stops on the sidewalk to pose for a picture. An Asian man stands on a brick sidewalk in front of a red scooter. An Asian man is wearing a big hat while posing for the camera. An Asian man in a hat stands in front of a red scooter.	A man walking.	contradiction
A child is doing an activity involving a circular disk with radiating lines on it (in red and blue, a glue stick, and cut-out numbers. A small child in a blue and black striped shirt works on a craft project, a paper circle decorated with blue and red lines. Young boy uses glue stick to paste numbers onto a circular design. A brown-haired boy gluing numbers on a homemade clock.	A child cutting something.	contradiction
A man sitting alone in meditation in an upscale spa setting. Man sitting down in an Asian custom and styled room. A man meditating on the floor facing the window. A man sitting on a pillow in a very quiet room.	A man looks out a large window.	neutral
Large group of people at convention of some sort perusing merchandise. Two young adults are looking at a computer screen in a large room. Woman describing software to a customer at a convention. A woman and man look at a computer screen at an expo.	Women checking.	neutral
A bunch of hockey players talking and laughing, wearing orange, white and black uniforms. Players wearing orange, white and black jackets and some of them are talking to each other A group of hockey players and coaches having conversations. A team of Canadian hockey players is sitting together.	A group talking.	entailment
A male is looking at different colored yarn wearing a white shirt. A man works at a wooden and bamboo loom. A man working on a loom-type device. An Asian guy working a loom.	A man doing some sort of craft.	entailment
The three boys who are wearing life jackets are looking into the water. Three boys wearing life jackets are on top of innertube in the water. Three boys wearing yellow life vests on a raft on the water. Asian boys play on a raft in a lake	Boys float.	entailment
A smiling boy plays inside an inflatable yellow and white toy. A little boy smiles as he stands in a large inflatable toy. A child smiles as he plays in an inflatable gym. A little boy is playing in a blow up toy.	Boy jumping over rail.	contradiction
Two young girls are running through a fountain. Two little girls are playing in the fountains. Two young girls play in public sprinklers. Two little girls play in a fountain.	Boys singing.	contradiction
A person on scaffolding paints a large wall orange with a brush tied to a stick. A man holding a rod with a paintbrush attached, painting a billboard. A man painting a building red with a paintbrush at the end of a stick. A man wearing all blue on a raised platform painting a wall red.	A man stands.	entailment
A woman wearing a black top taking a picture of a man with a white shirt. A woman is taking a picture of a man on the sidewalk. A woman in a black shirt looks at her camera. A woman is taking a picture of a man.	A man standing with a bag.	neutral
Many people in yellow shirts congregate at a concert. People in yellow shirts are attending a concert. People attending a concert dressed in yellow. A group of people are at some type of event	A crowd dancing.	neutral
An Asian child looking towards something wearing traditional clothing. Young female child carrying a light blue bag around her shoulders. The little girl looked in awe at the sight. Native girl in a blue top looking skyward.	A child glancing.	entailment
The bride and the groom are staring into each others eyes as the preacher reads them their wedding vows. Couple getting married, bride holding pink flowers. A man and woman get married outside. A marriage ceremony taking place.	A woman and a man stand in front of a group.	entailment
A man and a woman are seated holding musical instruments while another woman stands at a podium. An audience are watching two seated musicians and a speaker standing at a podium. A musical trio- two females and a male- is performing in an auditorium Three musicians join each other in song on a stage.	A man singing.	entailment
One musician is standing on a musical drum which has been lifted in the air by a few people at the concert and another musician is playing another musical instrument. The long-haired man is balancing on a drum that is being carried by men in white shirts. Man without shirt standing on top of a drum that people are holding in the air. A group of men hold a drum over their heads with a man standing on it.	A man begins to jump.	contradiction
Three construction workers in orange vests speak to one another in front of railroad tracks. Three construction workers are standing outside and having a conversation. Construction workers having a discussion by the tracks. Workers talk near train tracks.	Man sitting.	contradiction
The little girl in the yellow dress is jumping over a red and green rope. A girl wearing yellow jumps over a red and green rope. A little girl in a yellow dress jumping rope. A girl in a yellow dress jump ropes.	A child standing up.	entailment
Three men wearing shorts stand in the parking lot of a building labeled a " factory. " Three men talk together while walking through a parking lot. Three older men are walking to the factory for work. Three men walk in a parking lot toward a factory.	A man sitting in front of a car.	contradiction
Two boys playing around the shores of a lake with one boy in a teal shirt throwing rocks into the lake. Two young boys appear to be throwing rocks into a lake from the bank. Two young boys play besides a lake, throwing rocks into the water. Two young boys throwing rocks into the water.	Little boy pushing another child.	contradiction
A group of people are sitting at a picnic table drinking while some are making faces. Young people are seated around a picnic table with bottles of drinks on it. Several people are sitting around a picnic table drinking beers. A group of people drinking in a park.	Group of friends pose.	neutral
A woman with a ponytail, wearing a brown shirt and blue jean shorts is putting something in the backseat of a car. A woman with long blond hair is reaching into the backseat of her car A woman, with no shoes on, is getting into the backseat of a car. A woman getting ready to enter the backseat of a car.	A woman walking.	contradiction
A man with very short hair and a green shirt displaying a large hammer. A man holds a large tool while sitting next to a table with two beers. A man inspects a large hammer. A man shows a large hammer.	An older man drinking.	contradiction
Group of about a dozen people at a beach with someone sitting at an assembled booth, probably gathered for the Pipe Challenge. People sit at a beach watching the water, with a man on a stand labeled Pipe Challenge. A group of people are on a beach watching the Vitamin Water Pipe Challenge. Spectators watching what appears to be a surfing contest	A group standing under a tree.	neutral
An Olympic athlete is navigating a slalom course in a kayak, carefully maneuvering around two striped poles. A man with a " Number 5 " label on his chest kayaks through rapids. Kayaker going through gates during a competition. A competitor in a whitewater kayak competition.	Men do gymnastics.	contradiction
A band performs on a stage in front of wall-sized posters, including two guitarists, a singer, a drummer, and a keyboardist, while one attender takes a picture using a mobile camera from the far bottom left. A guitar band is playing on stage. A band performing on stage. Kids forming a rock band.	A man on a street playing an instrument.	contradiction
A female ballerina wearing a white tutu, stockings and ballerina shoes, holding Christmas lights strikes a pose in a photo studio with a blue background. A ballerina with white tutu and white Christmas lights going down one arm and around her waist doing a dance pose. A beautiful ballerina with Christmas lights wrapped around her body. A ballerina poses with Christmas lights.	A ballet dancer leaping.	contradiction
A fisherman is reeling his rod while another relaxes in a boat on water. A man wearing a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat. A man in a gray cap fishing. Two men in a boat fishing.	A man sits.	entailment
White, long-necked bird with yellow legs flies over water. A long necked white bird is floating above the water. A crane lifts into the air above the water. A white crane landing in the water.	An animal flying.	entailment
Two older boys and two younger boys are looking out at the water while on a boat. Four young men look out at the water from the deck of their boat. Two men and two boys look over the deck of a boat. Four boys looking out from a boat.	Men sitting.	neutral
A boy and a girl eat off a plate, while a girl with red hair drinks water. Two women and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items. A trio of young adults sit together while eating and drinking. A man and two women eating food at a local festival.	A man hands another man a drink.	contradiction
A girl wearing white is stretching in a somewhat contorted position atop a blue floor while her shadow stretches out below her. A young girl performs a back bend while twisting her torso to support her upper body on one arm. A brunette contortionist practices with other contortionists on a blue mat. A young girl contorts her body during a performance.	A woman performing a move.	entailment
A man in a small-brimmed black hat manipulates a soundboard in front of a microphone. Band member with black hat playing music in band. A musician in a black hat is playing a keyboard. A man in the black hat is playing his keyboard.	A man reaches up.	neutral
A large, middle-age woman in a red dress with white polka dots, singing at a microphone. A woman with brown hair wearing a red polka dot dress is singing into a microphone. A woman in a red polka dot dress is singing into a microphone. A woman in a red polka-dot dress sings into a mic.	A woman standing next to a table.	contradiction
Two men with brown hair while using wind instruments stand to the left with one man in the back in a white shirt in the back, while a man in a brown shirt and jeans with short brown hair and a wristwatch on his left wrist is in front with another wind instrument. A man in a brown shirt plays a musical instrument with a band in front of a crowd of people. A guy in a brown t-shirt and white pants is playing a horn. A musical band made up of mostly wind instruments.	A partner standing.	neutral
Something seems to be better than nothing as a young adult male plays a violin near the entrance of a store with his violin case open ready to accept the " tips " of his fans. A man is playing an instrument, trying to make money with his case open. A man in a white shirt plays the violin on the streets. A violinist playing for money on a sidewalk.	Men sit at a restaurant.	contradiction
A brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet, with a green object in the foreground. A brown dog is rolling on its back on a carpet with several green toys nearby. A brown dog is laying on its back on a white carpet with a green ball on it. The dog is laying on its back near a green ball.	A dog playfully bites a dog.	contradiction
A man is tossing an onion in the air as he prepares to slice it. A young man is tossing an onion in the air as he cooks. A man is tossing an onion in the air in the kitchen. Man tossing an onion in the kitchen.	A man sitting.	contradiction
An Indian man is carting a package around the neighborhood. A man transporting a package on a wheeled cart. A man pushes a large box on a hand truck. Indian guy walking in front of a poster.	A man walks down a brick sidewalk.	neutral
Two men, one sitting with a guitar and one leaned against a silver fire hydrant with a didgeridoo look down the street in the same direction. A man sits with his guitar while a man in a peach shirt holds a walking stick. A man with his guitar plays on the street for tips. Street musicians working for money to survive.	Two children playing instruments.	contradiction
A man 's pants are falling down as he throws crates into a dumpster. A man in white dumping carts into the dumpster. A man throwing crates into a dumpster. A man placing boxes in the trash.	A man cleaning up debris.	entailment
Two people walk down a brick sidewalk by a yellow and white building. Two young people are walking outside past a two-toned wall. Two people wearing backpacks walking alongside a building. Two people walking together beside a yellow building.	A father and his child walking.	neutral
An Asian boy in glasses and a yellow shirt holds a blue bag while standing between two parking spaces on the street. A boy with glasses wearing a bright yellow shirt is standing in a parking lot. Asian teen male in yellow shirt and black shorts stands on roadway. Man standing alone on the street.	An Asian kid waiting.	entailment
Young boy in fleece jacket kicking soccer ball with young girl in background. A young boy kicking a soccer ball with a young girl in the background. The little boy in jean shorts kicks the soccer ball. A little boy kicks a soccer ball in the park.	A child sitting.	contradiction
A blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt. A woman wraps her arms around a man as he leans in to kiss her. Tattooed woman in white dress kisses man in a white shirt. A blond woman and a brown-haired man kissing.	A couple smiling.	neutral
A young man wearing nail polish and sitting on the floor is looking through a book while a young woman stands over him. A girl is looking over a boy 's shoulder as he reads a book. A girl overlooks a boy sitting down reading a book. A guy is reading a book and sitting on the floor.	A boy talking.	contradiction
Two women wearing pink T-shirts and blue jeans converse outside clothing store. One woman is smoking and talking to another woman. Two women talk in front of a clothing store. Two female co-workers talk on break.	Teens standing.	neutral
A man and woman in a dark suit and formal white dress smile for a picture. A wedding photo of a bride with purple flowers and her groom. A young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture. A couple pose on their wedding day.	A bride holding a purple bouquet.	entailment
A woman in a blue vest and a sky blue helmet stands with her bicycle in traffic. A woman in a helmet rides her bike behind a car. Women with bike and helmet wait for traffic. A lady wearing a helmet holding a bike.	A woman walks.	neutral
Some staff members in yellow shirts help out with local kids in arts and crafts activities. Children and staff sit on the floor and paint in a recreation center. Seven young girls are being creative and making posters. Staff and youth sitting on the floor crafting posters.	A group working on a project.	entailment
There is a group of many adults around a fake pirate ship dressed up as pirates. A group of people dressed as pirates are in a cardboard cut out of a ship. People dressed as pirates are having a good time in their cardboard boat. People pretending to be pirates.	Men and women standing.	entailment
People gather at a vintage ice cream truck to receive traditional ice cream. Women in children wait in line for an ice cream truck outside of a building. People lined up and purchasing ice cream from the mobile ice cream truck. People buying ice cream from an antique truck.	Women stand around an old fashioned ice cream truck.	entailment
A man sits on the edge of a bridge, looking out, fishing poles behind him. A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him. Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles. The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.	A man taking a break.	entailment
The boy in the blue shirt is eating chips while his mother looks over the menu. A woman and a young man are setting at a table in a Mexican restaurant. A lady and a boy with a blue shirt are eating in a restaurant. A family is eating in a Mexican restaurant.	A woman enjoys lunch.	entailment
A father, wearing a white puma brand shirt, holding his smiling daughter. A man in a Puma shirt holds a blond baby in a plaid dress. A man wearing a Puma brand shirt is holding a little girl. A man with short hair and a beard is holding a baby.	A man sitting.	neutral
A crowd of people are standing on a train platform are unconcerned as a train passes them by. A group of people wait at a platform while a train passes them. A group of people are waiting for the incoming subway train. A group of business people stand at a train station.	An audience waiting.	contradiction
A motorcycle driver dressed in orange gear swerves to the right. A motorcyclist on a red speed bike leans into a sharp turn. Motorcyclist crouches low as he rounds a turn. This person is on a red motorcycle.	A man strolling.	contradiction
There is a girl in a red jacket smiling with her hand on a red blow up and a crowd behind her. A child touching a red plastic object, with a crowd behind him. A child in red jumps on a red object while others laugh. A girl in a crowd laughs and climbs on something.	Many children having fun.	entailment
A group of tourists take in the sites in a large city as a taxi unloads its fare. A group of people getting out of a van. A group of people are walking by a van. Tourists are walking past a van.	Several pedestrians walk.	entailment
There is a shirtless man leaning against a wall and a woman in a red shirt with her back to him. Two people stand against a wall after a workout. A man and a woman resting after exercise. A man and a woman relaxing after a workout	A man takes a break.	entailment
A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle with flaming batons in hand. A man rides a unicycle while holding fire lit batons. A man on an extended unicycle with flaming torches. A man is performing in front of a crowd.	A man playing the bagpipes.	contradiction
An extreme biker, wearing a red and white jacket, is flying through the air on a red bike. A dirt biker soars above green trees with a blue, slightly cloudy sky in the background. A person in red and white doing a midair trick on their dirt bike. A man on a dirt bike is flying through the air.	A rider riding a red bike.	entailment
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass. Two dogs approach each other in the grass. Two dogs are playing out in a yard. Two dogs face off in the park.	Two dogs running towards each other.	entailment
Man standing on one arm with feet in the air on playground equipment with a body of water in the background. A young man is skateboarding on a ramp and is standing on one arm. A man is posed standing on one hand on a skateboard ramp. A man on inline skates in midair	Skateboarders watch.	entailment
A young girl wearing a multicolored holding an orange ball in her right hand walking through bright green grass behind a house A little girl wearing a dress walks across a green lawn on a summer day with a home and trees in the background. A child in a dress runs through the yard with a miniature orange soccer ball in her hand. This little girl is enjoying the spring weather after the long winter break.	Men and child standing.	contradiction
A skateboarder does a tailslide down the side of a railing over some stairs A young man in a black shirt and brown pants is skateboarding. A young man is skateboarding down the railing of some stairs. A skateboarder skateboarding.	A skateboarder doing a kick.	entailment
A man with a beard and sunglasses leans back on a couch with his feet on a coffee table. A man sits back on an elegant sofa, sticking his feet up on the coffee table. A man in a black pirate shirt relaxing on an ornate red and gold couch. A male with sunglasses is sitting down on a couch.	Men facing each other.	contradiction
A person in a long, tan trench coat walks along the sidewalk in front of a stone building. A young woman in a trench coat carries a plastic bag down the sidewalk. A person with a white coat is walking outside a stone building. A woman walking down the street on the sidewalk.	A pedestrian walks through an area.	entailment
Several young people, two on a bike, are walking near parked vehicles. Three women walk down a city street, as seen from above. Five young people on the street, two sharing a bicycle. Three young women walking down a sidewalk looking up	A man walks down a street with his children.	contradiction
Men are running and jumping and twisting in the air as a crowd of people watches. A crowd gathers to watch two men performing a Brazilian dance. A man dressed all in white, is twisting in midair. A group watching two men in white shirts perform.	Martial artists perform in front of a crowd.	entailment
A little girl is standing by a metal pole holding her fingers up in a v sign. A little girl in a red shirt holds on to a pole near a street. A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street. A young girl holds up a peace sign.	A boy holds a net.	contradiction
Women are seated at a picnic table eating, while a man in a white t-shirt and a yellow and orange balloon design on his head stands in the background. An elderly woman is eating a burger while the man next to her touching his hat. A man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables. A gray-haired person with glasses enjoys a sandwich.	A man and a woman sitting on a train.	contradiction
A person in a large, open room with a wooden floor, balances on just one hand. A man supports his entire body weight with one hand on a wooden floor A man does a one handed handstand on a hardwood floor. One man in a room during the day doing a handstand.	A man crouching down.	contradiction
Several African children looking toward the blackboard in school, while two look back toward the camera. School children reading and listening in Africa. A crowded classroom in a third world country. A classroom full of kids of different ages.	Children sit.	entailment
Six men, all wearing identifying number plaques, are participating in an outdoor race. Men with numbered shirts jog through the grass in a race. A group of people race across a grass field. Four men running a marathon.	Runner running.	entailment
A girl on a bike wearing a shirt with number 32 is with another person on a bike wearing a shirt with number 96. There is a guy and a girl on BMX bikes, both have stopped and appear to be talking. Two dirt bikers are standing with their bikes with their backs to the camera. Two BMX bikers wearing helmet talking to each other.	Girls competing.	contradiction
The man is attempting a one-handed handstand in front of a building. The boy in the black hat balanced his body on one hand. A man doing a handstand outside of a garage. A person balances on one hand.	A breakdancer standing.	contradiction
A man with a sign in front of him that reads " Deleon " sits at a microphone. A man speaking into a microphone by a drink banner. A man known as Deleon speaks at a Q&A. Deleon speaking into a mic.	A man sitting behind a table.	neutral
A teenage bot trying to surf across the pool with two other boys cheering him on. Three preteen boys in a private swimming pool playing a water sport. A male is splashing around at a pool at someone 's home. Three people playing in a pool next to a home.	A man thrown by his opponent.	contradiction
A small child is running on the shore of the beach surrounded by birds. A child runs along the shore, while birds fly overhead. A young child runs along a beach as birds fly among him. A young boy wearing a green shirt running on the beach	An animal running.	contradiction
A younger girl holds up a yellow " Free Car wash " sign along the edge of a road. A woman holds a " car wash " sign on the edge of a quiet street. A girl is holding a sign that points toward a free car wash. A teenage girl advertises a free car wash.	A girl stands on a street.	entailment
A group of young children sit on the edge of a cement ledge. A group of children sit on a skateboard half pipe. Children sit at the top of a cement wall. Six girls sit on painted pavement.	Some little girls sitting.	entailment
Two ladies in sunglasses sit and rest on a black marble decoration in the city. Two women, wearing dresses and sunglasses, sit near a tree. Two women are sitting, one is looking over her shoulder. Two women with sunglasses sitting outside.	Two Asian men sit.	contradiction
A woman in a red shirt with red lipstick is about to be kissed by an older man in a purple shirt and glasses in front of a red curtain. A man with a blue shirt and a woman with a red shirt, the woman smiles. A man in a blue shirt is kissing a woman in a red shirt. A couple enjoys themselves in front of a red curtain.	Woman dangling her feet over the water.	neutral
Two people are performing on a stage, one in front of a microphone, another playing the guitar. A man with a striped shirt is on stage next to another person with a guitar. A man is on a stage with his hands in the air holding his wrist. A band singer holds his wrist with his other hand.	A performer strikes a pose.	entailment
A man with a shaved head wearing plain black clothes on a green lawn puts his arm on the back of the lady he is with. A bald headed man has his arm on a woman back as they stand together. A couple at an event watching the activities. A man and a woman are standing in a field.	Two men sit talking.	contradiction
A bare-chested man launches his skateboard off a ramp. Teen does trick on skateboard while riding the rail. A skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on. A skateboarder grinds the rail.	A skater doing a trick on a handrail.	entailment
The man is jumping through the air, while holding a bicycle. A cyclist carries his bicycle while jumping over a hurdle. A man jumps across an obstacle carrying his bike A man doing tricks with his bicycle.	Partners jumping.	contradiction
Two people in a Mexican restaurant posing for a picture with Mexican hats on. Two women in large sombreros smile next to a no smoking sign. Two people pose for a picture wearing sombreros. Two people are wearing giant sombreros.	Friends smiling.	entailment
A man in orange is racing in an orange motorcycle professionally. Orange motorcycle racing around a bend in a racetrack. Respol sponsored motorcycle driver going into a turn. A person riding a motorcycle is dressed in orange.	A man camping.	contradiction
Three little girls in blue jeans smile at the camera as they hold softballs and pink baseball gloves in a living room. Three young girls, who look like sisters, are all holding pink and blue baseball gloves and a baseball. Three young girls, each proudly displaying a baseball and a baseball glove. Three girls showing off their new pink baseball gloves and baseballs.	Three children playing on a floor.	entailment
A young boy with a hat on has a fishing pole in hand. The child wearing a cap is holding a fishing pole. A boy holding a fishing rod. A young boy fishes.	A group fishing.	contradiction
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river. The dog runs through the water while holding a yellow ring. Gray dog in a stream surrounded by trees and shrubs. A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.	A little brown dog stands.	contradiction
A man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray. Worker wears a mask to protect his face from spicy chili fumes. A man wearing a mask over his mouth is holding tongs. A man in face mask working on a machine.	A man explaining.	contradiction
A gray dog is bouncing a soccer ball on his head in a grass field. A dog tries to play with a ball that is tossed to it. A dog with a blue collar plays ball outside. A dog plays with a soccer ball	Some dogs stand.	contradiction
A man with a backpack on a hill next to a rock outcroping. A man with a backpack stands beside a rock. A man hikes up a rocky hill. A guy with a backpack on.	A crew stands.	contradiction
An elderly woman wearing a striped hat, sunglasses, scarf, and blue plaid shirt. An elderly woman wearing sunglasses stands and looks at something. An old woman in a blue plaid shirt at an event. An old woman waits in a park.	A woman smiling.	neutral
An man wearing a yellow shirt, denim suspenders and an orange hat reading under the rear tire of a vehicle as a child watches. A man is working under a white vehicle while a child watches him. Man working under a vehicle being watched by a small child. A boy helps his father work on his truck.	A man lying on the ground.	entailment
Two men are talking on a porch in front of a wrought iron rail. Two men heavily immersed in a conversation worth having. Two elderly men are talking on a front porch. Two old men talking on a bench.	A man peeking.	contradiction
A boxer is practicing making hits by targeting the gloves of his partner. An older man in boxing gloves trains. A man practicing boxing A man practices boxing	A man burning paper.	contradiction
A man on a soccer team with red jerseys is trying to keep the ball away from the opposing player in a yellow jersey. Two soccer players on opposing teams, one in a red jersey and one in yellow, pursuing a ball. Two soccer players, one in red and the other in yellow, battle for a soccer ball. Two men playing soccer collide while attempting to gain possession of the ball.	A black man runs.	contradiction
A man bicycles through a narrow road toward a square bordered by a castle with a block tower. People are out and about on a road in a European looking town. A tall clock tower protrudes over a narrow alley street. A picture of a brick building.	A guy swimming.	contradiction
Long-haired people dressed in skirts and head pieces have their backs turned while another man in the same outfit is squatting. Two women and a man, dressed in red and white grass skirts, perform a dance. Native Americans in decorative dress appear to be celebrating for a cause. Two girls and one guy dancing with red costumes on.	Some dancers dancing.	entailment
Two older men dressed in business coats stand contemplatively outside of a stone building. Two men are in conversation with one looking off in the distance. Two men in business casual attire waiting outside. Two men sit side by side next to a green plant.	A guy doing a stunt.	contradiction
A group of women quilters are smiling, as a man in a red shirt and a woman in a white shirt hold up a quilt with the words " Peace Knits " quilted into it. A group of young and older people gather around holding a peace knits quilt. A group of women and a quilt that says " Peace Knits ". People are knitting next to a Peace Knits sign.	A lifeguard sitting.	contradiction
While singing into the microphone the man in the black shirt plays an acoustic guitar. A young man with a black shirt on the stage singing while playing the guitar. A man lit in purple light plays a guitar and sings. A man on stage playing guitar.	A man standing with a woman.	contradiction
A man in a purple outfit milking reindeer with a forest in the background. A person in a purple jacket is squatting around several moose. A woman in a hat tends to a herd of reindeer in a field. Woman surrounded by forest tending to a moose	A woman looking down.	neutral
Several hockey players move toward the puck next to a goal. A hockey goalie stops the puck. Two hockey teams compete. People playing hockey.	A goalie crouching.	entailment
A boy shows of his skills in bike racing on a bumpy course near a river. A boy on a bike is jumping above some sand mounds. A person is in the air on a bike near a river. A person jumping over a hill on a bicycle.	A man performing a trick on a motorbike.	contradiction
A family sits at a park while birds fly around. A couple and their baby feed pigeons at a park. A man sitting on a park bench watching pigeons. A large flock of pigeons is swarming at a man.	A man surrounded by animals.	entailment
A guy is approaching a graffiti covered garage labeled UTOPIA next to a shop called Sevilla Tattoo while a woman walks a dog by the same location. A guy with an orange, gray and bluejacket pulling a cart down a sidewalk in front of a mural on a building. Someone outside wearing an orange and blue outfit pulling a yellow box. A street cleaner walks up the street with his broom and dustpan.	A man cleaning.	neutral
A woman on a surfboard in front of a wave of green water A man surfs, the sun behind him, his face in shadow. A man is about to fall off his surfboard in a wave. Someone is surfing a giant wave.	A boy surfing.	neutral
A small smiling child huddled into the chest of an older man wearing orange, who is also smiling. An older woman smiling as she holds a young girl with a gleeful smile and a dirty face. A young child with a dirty face being held by an old woman. The smiling baby is being held by a smiling adult.	Children rafting.	contradiction
A woman holding a blue cup and a man with facial hair pose close to one another. A man and a woman looking at the camera. A man and a woman smile for the camera. A man and a woman posing for a picture.	A man puts his arm around a woman.	neutral
A band is performing on stage in front of a banner for Good Morning America 's Summer Concert Series. A band with three members, guitarist, bassist and drummer, is playing a concert outside. Artists performing during GMA summer concert series. A band is playing at an outdoor music festival.	A man playing a guitar with a band.	entailment
A lady wearing a white jacket is standing next to and looking inside of a car. Woman in white smock standing in a large garage by a car. A woman in a white coat is standing next to a car. A woman in a white lab coat.	Woman walking in front of a wall.	contradiction
The woman has a light green blouse with yellow flowers on it. A woman is making funny faces while pushing a cart. The woman is wearing a flower printed shirt. An aged woman walks through city streets.	Women doing something.	contradiction
Boys are selling flowers, drinks, mugs, and other items on the sidewalk. Two street vendors sit on the sidewalk and wait for customers. The street vendors are selling flowers, wine and jam. Kids selling flowers on sidewalk.	Men standing still.	contradiction
An Asian tour group looks towards a site as their guide with a green flag faces towards them. A group of Asian people shading their eyes and looking past the camera at something. A group of people stare upwards, some seem to be in shock. The crowd watches something from above.	A group standing.	entailment
A smiling man in a blue shirt and straw hat is standing inside a brick structure. A man dressed in a cowboy hat and a blue unbuttoned shirt is smiling in a shed. A smiling worker, in a cowboy hat, doing masonry. A rural Mexican amigo posing for a photo.	Men having a discussion.	contradiction
A schoolgirl in glasses and a gray jumper with a red tie runs through an outdoor fountain while four friends watch. A girl in uniform running through the water fountain gushing water from the tiles. A young Asian girl is running through sprinklers in a fountain. Schoolgirl playing in a fountain.	A child dances.	contradiction
A band is playing a piece while a man in a white shirt conducts. Man in white shirt conducting an orchestra, horns and drums. A classical music orchestra with a conductor playing inside. This is some sort of band or symphony practicing.	A group of musicians playing instruments.	entailment
A person in a black jacket is jumping through the air on a bike. A man is sitting on a bike in the middle of the woods. Man on a motorcycle performing a trick in the air. A person doing a trick on a bike	An animal jumps.	contradiction
A young male is wearing blue shorts at the edge of a shaded area. A boy wearing a red shirt and blue shorts is walking outside. A young boy in a red shirt walks in on an unpaved street. A young boy playing in the street.	A boy standing on a dirt road.	contradiction
A woman in a black coat and a hat carrying flowers and other purchases around a market. A woman with flowers looking at the produce section in a grocery. A black-haired woman is shopping for groceries holding roses. Girl wearing black shops in a supermarket.	A woman doing errands.	entailment
One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines. A man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station. A man stands waring a blue scarf and black hat. Man standing in front on automated turn stile.	Men walking next to a woman.	contradiction
Three men stand together smiling, while one is playing Guitar Hero and the others are enjoying a beverage. Three men standing while one plays Guitar Hero and another drinks a beer. Three men drinking one playing guitar hero. Three men are at a party and playing games.	A man is singing.	contradiction
Two people are walking in a metropolitan area near tall buildings with signs. A view of an intersection shaped like a triangle with many commercial stores. A girl in a school uniform dress walks down the street near an HM store. A schoolgirl is walking on a street near buildings.	A group of women walking.	neutral
A girl is lying on a brick pillar while a young man is sitting on another near her looking through a pamphlet. A dark-haired young man dressed in black reads to a young woman lying down College students reading and lounging on top of stone columns. A lady is lying down while a man sits next to her and reads.	Some other men stand.	contradiction
Several young people, two on a bike, are walking near parked vehicles. Three women walk down a city street, as seen from above. Five young people on the street, two sharing a bicycle. Three young women walking down a sidewalk looking up	Three women carrying purses.	neutral
Four Asian people sitting on the floor with a model of a volcano. Four young adults sit on the floor and work on a project. Four Asian kids are sitting on the floor in a classroom. Kids learning about volcanoes.	Students sitting in a lecture hall.	entailment
A woman stands on a street corner with a blue building and alley behind her. A woman standing by a bike, in front of a store and tunnel. A woman waits to cross the road while holding flowers. A woman is waiting for someone to pickup.	A woman stands next to a bicycle.	entailment
A man with a torch is heating up a roof and laying down a layer of tar paper. A man stands with on foot elevated onto a step in front of a small fire. A balding man is standing and working with a blowtorch. A gentleman using a torch to seal a runner to a grate.	A man spraying water.	contradiction
The pretty bride is holding a purple bouquet while she is walking with the man. A woman in a bridal dress is being walked in with a man in a skirt. Women in a bridal gown walking with a man in a black kilt. A bride carrying purple flowers.	Guys joking.	contradiction
Four men sit at a table in a building wearing camouflage clothes and red crosses while one of them writes in a notebook. A group of guys from the military helping one of their fellow men with some paperwork. A group of military aid troops are sitting down filling out paperwork in a room. Four guys, one taking notes and two showing red cross on clothing.	Some men conversing.	entailment
A female toddler gets on the treadmill as she looks at the camera. A young girl in black is walking on a treadmill. A young girl exercises on a treadmill. The girl is on the treadmill.	A child walking.	entailment
A group of men and one laughing woman at an outdoor festival. A bunch of men in white shirts are standing a circle. Men enjoying a sandwich at a street fair. People of Latin descent having a party.	Men sharing food.	entailment
Three women are minding their own business on a bus in the city. Three people riding in a blue bus at night. People seen through the window of a bus. There are three women on a bus.	A woman sitting on a scooter.	contradiction
A bicyclist performs a stunt on a ramp, going into the air while twisting. A man on a bike rides on the ramp and flips his bike as he comes down. An extreme biker in the air after taking a ramp. Two boys doing bike tricks off wooden ramps.	Several women jumping.	contradiction
A young boy is playing on a piece of playground equipment that features tires which he must step in and out of, while keeping his balance. A child in a blue shirt is playing on playground equipment. This boy is playing on a playground with tires on it. A boy on the playground stepping in tires.	A boy runs with a football.	contradiction
The Irish setter with the safety vest is running ahead of the Rottweiler and the Dalmatian. Three dogs are running and playing together by the side of a house. Three large dogs running quickly next to a house. Three dogs running on a lawn.	A white dog jumping up.	neutral
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk in the snow all wrapped up because of the cold weather. A group of skiers walk across a snow covered sidewalk. People in line with their skis at a ski resort. Kids carry their skis down the street.	Group surfing.	contradiction
